bush has admitted a familiarity with london 's pubs ahead of his arrival in the city this week for a state visit to britain  .
the death toll in the collapse of a walkway on the queen mary ii has risen to  , according to a new toll issued sunday by a spokesman for alstom , which owns the shipyard  .
the match receipts from sunday 's friendly between italy and romania will go to the families of those who died in this week 's bomb attack on an italian police base in iraq  .
south korean foreign and trade minister yun young-kwan was due in moscow late sunday for a three-day visit to discuss a broad range of regional and bilateral issues , a south korean embassy official said  .
points on the richter scale occurred off the western greek island of cephallonia early on sunday , the athens observatory said  .
a french woman working for the un 's refugee agency unhcr was shot dead by unknown gunmen sunday afternoon in the southeast afghan town of ghazni , a un spokesman said  .
at least  people were killed in bomb attacks at two synagogues in the historic turkish city of istanbul on saturday , the city 's health department said sunday  .
pope john paul ii criticised israel on sunday for building a barrier in the west bank , saying the middle east `` does not need walls but bridges  .
a french woman working for the un 's high commissioner for refugees -lrb- unhcr -rrb- was shot dead by unknown gunmen sunday afternoon in the southeast afghan town of ghazni , a un spokesman said  .
president chandrika kumaratunga has denied reports she has offered to share the vital defense portfolio with her estranged prime minister , her spokesman  peiris said sunday  .
real madrid ace raul is confident perennial underachievers spain will make it to the euro  finals despite only scraping past norway - in the first leg of their playoff tie on saturday  .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon expressed his confidence sunday that turkish authorities would arrest the perpetrators of the two bomb attacks on istanbul synagogues as his foreign minister met victims in turkey  .
serbian prime minister zoran zivkovic called on citizens to vote sunday in presidential elections , the third in just over a year after two others failed due to insufficient turnout  .
english premiership side middlesbrough declared sunday that spain 's gaizka mendieta was with them for the long term  .
african leaders were set sunday to witness the signing of a peace accord between burundi 's transitional president and his main rebel adversary in the central african country  .
president jacques chirac was due sunday to visit the scene of saturday 's tragedy at a shipyard in western france , in which  people were killed falling from a gangway to the newly-built queen mary ii  .
israeli foreign minister silvan shalom urged the international community to work together to combat terrorism on sunday after a `` cowardly '' double car bomb attack against two synagogues in istanbul left  people dead  .
olympic champions serbia montenegro powered their way through to a three-set victory over china in their bid to win an athens olympics berth at the world cup men 's volleyball tournament on sunday  .
thousands of police will be deployed in athens monday for a march commemorating a bloody  student uprising against greece 's then military junta  .
more than three decades after they split , the beatles were sunday on the verge of yet another multi-million smash hit with their ` new ' album , a stripped down version of the band 's swansong , `` let it be ''  .
president jacques chirac was due sunday to visit the scene of saturday 's tragedy at a shipyard in western france , in which  people were killed falling from a gangway to the newly-built queen mary ii  .
palestinian leader yasser arafat sunday added his voice to world condemnation of the bombing of two synagogues in istanbul - with most governments seeing an international terrorist link in the blasts  .
luxury cruise liner the queen mary ii is likely to sail on its maiden voyage as planned early next year despite the death of  people when a walkway to the ship collapsed , cruise firm cunard said sunday  .
south african retief goosen struck  on the th hole of a skins tournament held at the exclusive tanah merah country club in singapore on sunday  .
egyptian foreign minister ahmed maher said here sunday that steps announced by washington to ensure a devolution of powers to the iraqis must be followed by other moves  .
burundi president domitien ndayizeye and the leader of the main hutu rebel movement , pierre nkurunziza , on sunday signed a peace accord to end  years of civil war in the central african country  .
north korea said sunday it is ready to abandon its nuclear program `` in practice '' if the united states scraps what pyongyang calls a hostile policy towards the communist country  .
african leaders at a regional summit enshrining a peace accord for burundi on sunday gave a diehard rebel movement three months to open peace negotiations  .
maoist rebels have shot dead  security personnel in different parts of the country , police said sunday  .
african leaders at a regional summit enshrining a peace accord for burundi on sunday gave a diehard rebel movement three months to open peace negotiations  .
israeli jets violated lebanese airspace sunday , causing sonic booms over the south of the country , as well as close to the syrian border in the north and east , police said  .
the newly-appointed home affairs spokesman for britain 's main opposition conservative party sparked controversy on sunday by suggesting the country should bring back the death penalty  .
us exports to saudi arabia remained stable in the first nine months of  , according to official statistics released by the united states  .
a top british business leader on sunday urged us president george w .
bush to end his country 's `` protectionism and isolationism '' over trade , ahead of his state visit to the country next week  .
swedish midfielder alexander  is  his brother at french first division side strasbourg on a four-year contract  .
serbian presidential candidate dragoljub micunovic is a veteran fighter for democracy who was kicked out of tito 's communist party in the s for opposing its vision for the balkan country  .
a last-minute strike by abbas hassan clinched a - victory for iraq over a western australian invitation side in what was dubbed a `` world peace game '' at  arena , north of here , sunday  .
police in indonesia 's aceh province said wednesday that an american journalist who had traveled with separatist rebels has been formally detained for questioning about possible immigration offences  .
china may be succeeding in its attempt to cool its overheating economy and avoid a hard landing , analysts said after the release of key figures for last month 's national performance  .
president olusegun obasanjo of nigeria will meet zimbabwe 's president robert mugabe in harare on monday , ahead of a commonwealth summit to which the zimbabwean leader has not been invited  .
the united states embassy in the sudanese capital khartoum on sunday resumed operations after suspending them for nearly a week because of a security threat  .
new palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei sounded optimistic notes about the work before him in an interview published sunday in the washington post while at the same time commenting bleakly that palestinian hatred towards the jewish state was at an all-time high  .
at least seven militants were killed and two others , including a woman rebel and a fe security agencies  .
two suspected members of the spanish basque separatist group eta were arrested early sunday at an isolated house in southwestern france , in a police raid that also netted several automatic weapons and fake documents , officials said  .
the european jewish congress -lrb- ejc -rrb- announced sunday that it is to meet italian prime minister silvio berlusconi in his capacity as acting head of the european union to express its concern about saturday 's attacks on two synagogues in istanbul  .
france winger christophe dominici sprained his knee in the world cup semi-final defeat by england here sunday and is doubtful for thursday 's third place play-off game against new zealand  .
berlin 's jewish museum presented its annual award for tolerance and understanding to german publisher friede springer and interior minister otto schily at a gala event saturday night  .
prime minister leszek miller of poland , a loyal us ally in iraq , criticised donald rumsfeld on sunday , saying that the us defense secretary was hell-bent on a military solution for iraq that miller argued would fail  .
the algerian army has filed a defamation suit against the head of the opposition front for socialist forces -lrb- ffs -rrb- hocine ait ahmed , who last month accused the military of massacring civilians , press reports said sunday  .
one woman died and  people were injured in a double bomb attack in a crowded bogota neighborhood , emergency services said sunday  .
the body of a british teenage girl missing for more than a week has been found in isolated countryside , police said on sunday , shortly after announcing a man had been arrested in connection with the case  .
the bangladesh parliament met for a session sunday for the first time since opposition mps began a boycott almost a year ago , only for it to end in a noisy walkout  .
dubai property developer emaar properties announced sunday a project to build the world 's largest shopping center , the size of more than  soccer pitches , as the gulf emirate seeks to pull in more and more visitors  .
bush insisted sunday the united states would not be driven out of iraq despite the worsening violence and the deaths of another  us soldiers in a collision between two blackhawk helicopters over the northern city of mosul  .
burundi president domitien ndayizeye , after signing a peace accord sunday with the main rebel movement in his central african country , called on the international community to release promised financial aid  .
the palestinian national security council announced sunday the creation of local committees in the west bank and gaza strip to ensure the `` respect of law and order ''  .
jordanian king abdullah ii awarded sunday the  king hussein prize for humanitarian action to the former un high commissioner for refugees , mary robinson , in a ceremony in amman  .
a top british business leader on sunday urged us president george w .
bush to end his country 's `` protectionism and isolationism '' over trade , ahead of his state visit to the country next week  .
egypt plans to host a conference next month aimed at removing barriers to foreign investment in the country , the state-run middle east news agency -lrb- mena -rrb- said sunday  .
the french prosecutor looking into saturday 's accident on the passenger liner the queen mary ii has opened a judicial investigation into `` involuntary homicide and injuries , '' he announced sunday  .
danish support for the euro has for the first time in years dropped below  percent , largely due to neighbouring sweden rejecting the single currency in a september referendum , the danish press reported on sunday  .
turkish police believe two powerful truck bomb attacks at two istanbul synagogue were carried out by suicide bombers , senior police officials told the anatolia news agency  .
on the eve of israeli prime minister ariel sharon 's visit to rome , pope john paul ii sunday criticized israel 's building of a west bank security barrier , saying the middle east `` does not need walls but bridges  .
togolese president gnassingbe eyadema began mediation talks on sunday with ivorian former rebels in search of `` a definitive solution '' to the crisis in their divided west african country , the presidential press service said  .
the un refugee agency sunday condemned the `` senseless murder '' of a french woman worker who was shot dead at point-blank range by suspected taliban in southeast afghanistan  .
india and syria want the united nations to play a major role in iraq where the priority must be to restore security , said a joint statement sunday to mark the departure of indian premier atal behari vajpayee  .
at least  people , including seven women , were killed and  others were injured sunday when a tourist bus overturned and fell into a ditch in east indian state of west bengal , police said  .
zimbabwe captain heath streak said his team had thrown away the chance of victory after the west indies won the second and final test by  runs here on sunday to take the series -  .
a french woman working for the un 's refugee agency was shot dead at point-blank range by suspected taliban in southeastern afghanistan sunday , in the latest in a series of attacks on foreign aid agencies  .
tens of thousands of people protested sunday over what they called the spanish authorities ' bad handling of the break-up of the oil tanker prestige off the coast of spain a year ago  .
four people had their throats slit in an attack near the burundi capital bujumbura blamed on rebels of the national liberation forces -lrb- fnl -rrb- , officials said sunday  .
one million barrels of iraqi crude , the country 's first oil exports since the end of the war , have arrived in jordan 's red sea port of aqaba , following an october deal , the energy ministry said here sunday  .
holland coach dick advocaat called up psv eindhoven defenders wilfred bouma and arjen robben as cover for the suspended jaap stam and frank de boer as his side prepare to overturn a - deficit against scotland in the second leg of their euro  playoff on wednesdasy  .
recent raids by the ugandan army to free hostages being held by rebels from the lord 's resistance army -lrb- lra -rrb- have left  rebels and five government troops dead , an army spokesman said on sunday  .
some , immigrants from ethiopia demonstrated sunday outside prime minister ariel sharon 's offices here as part of a campaign to persuade the government to allow their relatives to join them in israel  .
a voice purported to be that of saddam hussein said us-led occupation forces have reached `` a dead end '' and called for the resistance to fight the us-installed governing council , in an audiotape broadcast sunday on dubai 's al-arabiya television  .
here is a chronology of major events in burundi 's -year civil war , which has claimed some , lives  .
a frenchwoman working for the un 's refugee agency was shot dead at point-blank range by suspected taliban in southeastern afghanistan sunday , in the latest in a series of attacks on foreign aid agencies  .
the israeli army on sunday arrested a wanted activist of the popular front for the liberation of palestine -lrb- pflp -rrb- in the west bank town of tulkarem , military sources said  .
one woman died and  people were injured in a double bomb attack in a crowded bogota neighborhood , emergency services said sunday  .
palestinian leader yasser arafat sunday added his voice to world condemnation of the bombing of two synagogues in istanbul -- with most governments seeing an international terrorist link in the blasts  .
canadian foreign minister bill graham on sunday condemned as `` cowardly acts of terror '' the deadly double synagogue bombings in istanbul one day earlier  .
the deputy governor of the oil-rich city of kirkuk in northern iraq , ismail ahmed rajab  , told afp he and his driver were wounded sunday in an assassination bid by unknown gunmen  .
barcelona 's brazilian star ronaldinho warned sunday that he will not be rushed back from injury in order to play against primera liga arch-rivals real madrid next month  .
englishman roy hodgson believes his united arab emirates team is on the verge of big things after guiding them to the verge of the asian cup finals  .
a voice purported to be that of saddam hussein said us-led occupation forces have reached `` a dead end '' and called for the resistance to fight the us-installed governing council , in an audiotape broadcast sunday on dubai 's al-arabiya television  .
five hours after jonny wilkinson kicked england to victory over france in the semi-finals of the rugby union world cup in sydney , the french rugby league team also found themselves on the losing side against the old enemy in the final of the european nations cup here on sunday  .
german chancellor gerhard schroeder expressed hope sunday that the congress of his ruling social democrats would galvanise support for his unpopular social and economic reforms  .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan is expected to convene his ministers on monday to discuss the double synagogue bombings in istanbul that claimed at least  lives , an aide said sunday  .
more than , people have demonstrated for the release of niger journalist  abou , arrested earlier this month for allegedly defaming top government officials , local media reported sunday  .
president jacques chirac visited a town in mourning sunday as he offered the condolences of the nation to relatives of the  who died in saturday 's accident on the  the queen mary ii  .
four loud explosions were heard in baghdad , bringing to five the number of blasts late sunday in the iraqi capital , afp correspondents in the iraqi capital reported  .
the speaker of the israeli parliament is to attend the funerals of victims of twin car bombings at two istanbul synagogues that killed at least  people and wounded some  , state radio said sunday  .
the united states has told us citizens in turkey to redouble their security precautions and to stay away from areas in istanbul following this weekend 's double suicide bombings targetting synagogues there , the state department said sunday  .
a british soldier was killed in an accident during a training exercise involving sandhurst officer cadets on a military base in cyprus , an army spokesman said sunday  .
eleven eu experts arrived in bulgaria on sunday to inspect the country 's only nuclear plant , the bulgarian energy ministry said  .
the prime ministers of bulgaria and romania on sunday tried to soothe fears that the slow pace of romania 's accession negotiations would scupper both states ' chances of joining the european union in   .
a voice purported to be that of saddam hussein said us-led occupation forces in iraq have reached `` a dead end '' and urged the resistance to fight the us-installed authorities , in an audiotape broadcast sunday on al-arabiya television  .
two people were killed and  injured late sunday after a huge blaze swept through the tax-free zone of egypt 's mediterranean city of port said , hospital sources said  .
turkey 's justice minister acknowledged sunday that the deadly synagogue blasts in istanbul might force the government to review its intelligence operations , following reports that the country was warned in advance about possible terrorist attacks  .
bush sunday offered condolences to turkey following deadly twin car bombings at two istanbul synagogues , and offered us assistance in catching the perpetrators  .
us food regulators warned sunday that americans should beware of uncooked green onions , which are being blamed for an outbreak of hepatitis a infecting hundreds of people across four us states  .
world champion valentino rossi suffered an embarrassing snub on sunday when honda , with whom he won three world motorcycling motogp championships , refused him permission to practice with his new yamaha employers  .
bush expressed condolences sunday to the families of those killed in a midair collision between two us black hawk helicopters in iraq  .
residents of istanbul , in shock after saturday 's devastating synagogue bombings , are fearful that turkey has been dragged into a cycle of conflict that has engulfed much of the rest of the world since the september  attacks  .
a frenchwoman working for the un 's refugee agency was shot dead at point-blank range by suspected taliban in southeastern afghanistan sunday , in the latest in a series of attacks on foreign aid agencies  .
bush on sunday welcomed the plan to hand over power to an iraqi government by june of next year and said us troop strength in the country would depend on the security situation at the time  .
one million barrels of iraqi crude , the country 's first oil exports to jordan since the end of the war , have arrived in the red sea port of aqaba , under an october deal , the energy ministry said here sunday  .
the republic of ireland squad were caught up in a dramatic armed raid on sunday at their plush dublin hotel base , sky news reported  .
the republic of ireland squad were caught up in a dramatic armed raid on sunday at their plush dublin hotel base , the football association of ireland -lrb- fai -rrb- confirmed  .
a seasonal movie about a  ,  elf searching for his cynical father in new york starring saturday night live funnyman will ferrell has shot to the top spot at the us box office , according to preliminary weekend figures sunday  .
emerging football force benin made a dramatic entry to the pool phase of the  world cupafrican nations cup qualifiers sunday  .
south africa 's rory sabbatini and trevor immelman won the  cup here on sunday  .
prime minister zoran zivkovic on sunday warned serbia not to turn its back on democratic reform after a nationalist candidate won most votes in a failed presidential election  .
the deputy governor of the oil-rich city of kirkuk in northern iraq , ismail ahmed rajab  , told afp he and his driver were wounded sunday in an assassination bid by unknown gunmen  .
wales winger ryan giggs has declared himself fit for wednesday 's euro  second leg play-off against russia in cardiff  .
rain has halted play at the atp masters cup final with wimbledon champion roger federer leading australian open champion andre agassi - , -  .
french president jacques chirac on sunday offered condolences to relatives of the  who died in an accident on the cruise liner the queen mary ii , docked in the atlantic seaboard town of saint   .
charlton centre-half richard rufus said sunday that he was targetting a december return to training after a lengthy layoff following knee surgery  .
an israeli officer who was second-in-command of an army unit has been sentenced to  days in prison for his treatment of palestinians , the military said sunday  .
south africa 's second team was good enough to finish first at the  million-dollar world cup  .
juventus striker marco di vaio came off the substitutes bench to score a second-half winner as italy edged romania - in a scrappy , low-key friendly here on the adriatic coast on sunday  .
prime minister recep tayyip erdogan said sunday turkey was trying to confirm reports that al-qaeda had claimed responsibility for the deadly bomb attacks on synagogues in istanbul , the cnn turk news channel reported  .
little peru put behind them their mounting financial problems to battle back for a - draw against world champions brazil in their  world cup qualifier in front of , passionate fans here on sunday  .
argentina went to the top of the south american  world cup qualifying competition when they defeated bolivia - while defending world champions brazil were held to a - draw by peru  .
thousands of british peace protestors are expected to throng central london when us president george w .
bush touches down in britain this week on a state visit , but the us secret service said sunday it 's confident the president will remain `` secure  .
kennedy , brother edward kennedy told us television sunday that he continues to draw inspiration from the life and accomplishments of the slain us president -- as well as those of another martyred brother , robert f .
australia said monday it had not changed its terrorist threat level despite being named in a warning from al-qaeda that it could be the target of new attacks  .
south africa 's second team was good enough to finish first at the  million-dollar world golf championships world cup  .
russia 's state-controlled national broadcaster ntv on sunday dumped an already advertised report on a kremlin watcher 's controversial book in what media rights activists decried as censorship  .
wimbledon champion roger federer and australian open champion andre agassi have resumed play at the atp masters cup final here sunday after a rain delay of   hours  .
us forces fired mortars , tank rounds and helicopter guns early monday in a massive demonstration of firepower around tikrit , the birthplace of saddam hussein and a hotspot of anti-coalition violence  .
world champion valentino rossi suffered an embarrassing snub on sunday when honda , with whom he won three world motorcycling motogp championships , refused him permission to practice with his new yamaha employers  .
bush on sunday welcomed the new blueprint for returning power to an iraqi government by june of next year , but he said remaining us troop strength in war-torn iraq would depend on the security situation at the time  .
five chadian mine clearance experts and a french colleague have been killed in an explosion in northern chad , an official with the country 's mine action center -lrb-  -rrb- told afp sunday  .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan will convene his ministers on monday to discuss the deadly synagogue bombings in istanbul reportedly claimed by the al-qaeda terror network  .
south african president thabo mbeki will lead a powerful delegation of cabinet ministers and businessmen on a state visit to france on monday to discuss a spectrum of issues ranging from africa to soccer  .
chess grandmaster garry kasparov won game number three on sunday against a virtual reality supercomputer `` xd fritz , '' tying the score in their four-game challenge at  .
australia 's notoriously tough quarantine officials will issue on the spot fines to cruise ship passengers who bring ship food ashore , the government announced monday  .
chancellor gerhard schroeder and germany 's ruling social democrats gathered for their annual congress monday at the start of a make-or-break month for his radical but painful reform process  .
percent in opening trade monday following declines on wall street on friday and falls on regional markets , dealers said  .
andre watson of south africa will referee rugby 's world cup final for the second straight time when england take on australia at the olympic stadium here on saturday  .
the dollar jumped against the yen monday as investors sold the japanese currency after news reports that al-qaeda warned of an attack on tokyo , dealers said  .
moldova 's chief bread producer hiked up prices overnight as the impoverished republic struggles due to a gaping lack of grain following this summer 's drought  .
philippine president gloria arroyo may seek an out-of-court settlement of cases filed by the government against her political rivals in a reconciliation bid ahead of may  polls , a senior aide said monday  .
the english press on monday hailed the - rugby world cup victory over the `` old enemy '' france , singling out ``  johnny '' wilkinson , who scored every one of england 's points in their impressive semi-final win in sydney  .
malaysian prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi has condemned saturday 's deadly bomb attacks on jewish synagogues in turkey , saying such acts of terror went against islamic teachings  .
australia 's film commission warned monday of a looming threat to the film industry from a planned free trade deal with the united states , as new figures showed hefty falls in investment in the sector  .
hundreds of marauding monkeys who have been driven from forests by illegal loggers have invaded an indonesian village in search of food , a report said monday  .
billion yuan -lrb-  billion dollars -rrb- in october , largely boosted by the `` golden week '' national holiday in the first week of the month , the government reported monday  .
a fourth rare sumatran rhinoceros has died at a malaysian breeding center while the last remaining rhino is seriously ill , a report said monday  .
hong kong conglomerate hutchison whampoa ltd plans to begin marketing a three-billion us dollar bond this week , a spokeswoman said monday  .
thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra admitted monday that thai fishing trawlers have trespassed into indonesian waters and that the sinking of a  vessel there last week was justified  .
amnesty international on monday called for an investigation into reports that camp guards at a malaysian detention center beat up seven acehnese asylum-seekers for refusing to be repatriated  .
oil prices fell in asian trade monday after reports of an increase in opec oil production in october , dealers said  .
a key bali bomber who has already escaped the death penalty testified monday that another suspect on trial for his life had not assembled the biggest bomb  .
on the richter scale rocked the russian region of buryatia in southern siberia early monday , the itar-tass news agency reported  .
the cincinnati bengals lived up to chad johnson 's unlikely guarantee , handing kansas city their first defeat of the national football league season  .
percent lower monday with investors taking their cue from a weak wall street and regional markets amid a lack of fresh positive leads , dealers said  .
percent lower monday following a weaker lead from wall street and as the strong australian dollar continued to weigh on currency-sensitive stocks , dealers said  .
women in many parts of new zealand became the targets of violence over the weekend as their partners took out their frustrations following the all blacks ' rugby world cup loss , women 's refuge organizations said monday  .
sydney olympic marathon champion naoko takahashi expressed on monday her hope of representing japan for the athens olympic games next year after her poor performance in the tokyo marathon a day before  .
the yen plunged against the dollar and euro monday as investors sold the japanese currency after reports al-qaeda warned of an attack on tokyo and a japanese stock market drop , dealers said  .
percent lower monday with investors taking their cue from a weak wall street and regional markets amid a lack of fresh positive leads , dealers said  .
new zealand share prices finished marginally higher in lacklustre trading monday , with little corporate news to provide a lead , dealers said  .
percent lower monday , in line with the heavy losses seen in regional markets led by tokyo after mixed us data left wall street weaker friday , dealers said  .
an iraqi man was seriously wounded monday when a bomb went off near the headquarters of the islamic movement of kurdistan in the northern iraqi city of kirkuk , police sources said  .
five people , including a woman and her two  sons , were killed and  others were injured in explosions at a firework factory in central taiwan , police said monday  .
norwegian envoys who have suspended mediation in sri lanka 's bloody civil war due to the political turmoil there will brief indian leaders on developments , norway 's embassy said monday  .
prime minister thaksin shinawatra monday pledged to eradicate poverty in thailand within six years and hit out at critics who say they doubt his government can achieve the lofty goal  .
percent lower monday following a weaker lead from wall street and as the strong australian dollar continued to weigh on currency-sensitive stocks , dealers said  .
new zealand share prices finished marginally ahead in lacklustre trading monday with little corporate news to provide a lead , dealers said  .
percent lower monday , in line with the heavy losses seen in the regional markets led by tokyo after mixed us data left wall street weaker friday , dealers said  .
australia 's top rugby league players may have to forget about future multi-million dollar deals from their union counterparts claimed wallabies coach eddie jones on monday  .
world cup winning australian captain george gregan was one of five wallabies to sit out training here on monday as they recovered from knocks sustained in saturday 's semi-final win over new zealand  .
a rebel group in the east-central african state of burundi on monday rejected an ultimatum to lay down their arms within three months and bring a final end to a civil war that has claimed hundreds of thousands of lives over the past decade  .
world cup winning australian captain george gregan was one of five wallabies to sit out training here on monday as they recovered from knocks sustained in saturday 's semi-final win over new zealand  .
moody 's on monday placed the ratings of resona bank , a unit of the fifth largest banking group in japan , on review for a possible upgrade , citing its confidence in government support for the sector  .
yemeni president ali abdullah saleh has either freed or pardoned a total of  men suspected of links with the al-qaeda islamic extremist network , the official saba news agency said on monday  .
president olusegun obasanjo of nigeria arrived in the zimbabwean capital harare early monday for a day of talks with president robert mugabe ahead of next month 's commonwealth summit , to which mugabe has not so far been invited  .
soul singer luther vandross was a big winner at sunday 's american music awards , picking up two honors even as he recovers from a major stroke he suffered earlier this year  .
south korean share prices closed sharply lower monday on heavy program selling , with sentiment undercut by a steep decline on the tokyo bourse and after us technology stocks fell , dealers said  .
philippines president gloria arroyo endorsed on monday a petition by her detained predecessor joseph estrada seeking leave from his corruption trial to have medical treatment in the united states  .
the main force battling islamic militants in indian kashmir has started to pull out of the summer capital srinagar and be replaced by lesser trained police , officials said monday  .
saudi arabia is pleased to see iraq return to the world oil markets after years of disruption through war and embargo , oil minister ali al-nuaimi said after overnight talks with his iraqi counterpart ibrahim bahr al-ulum , the official spa news agency reported monday  .
sixteen people in bangladesh have been given the death penalty in several separate cases of murder , judicial sources said monday  .
coalition forces said monday they had captured an iraqi resistance leader blamed for anti-us attacks and nine other men in  , east of the central iraqi town of ramadi  .
the israeli army 's chief of staff general moshe yaalon has hinted that more action could be directed against syria if it `` ignores the message '' of last month 's air strike near damascus , public radio reported monday  .
a rebel group in the east-central african state of burundi on monday rejected an ultimatum to lay down their arms within three months and bring a final end to a civil war that has claimed hundreds of thousands of lives over the past decade  .
twenty iranian pilgrims have been killed and  others injured when the bus they were traveling in collided with a truck in the center of the country , press reports said monday  .
controversial australian euthanasia  philip nitschke unveiled his latest suicide device monday , highlighting the ease with which it can be assembled using household items such as a vegemite jar  .
indonesian prosecutors monday sought a -year jail sentence for a man accused of giving explosives to islamic militants who bombed a mcdonald 's restaurant  .
prime minister helen clark reaffirmed monday there was no intention of withdrawing new zealand forces from iraq despite recent violence in the basra area where they are stationed  .
percent lower monday as most investors stayed on the sidelines ahead of tuesday 's trading debut of china yangtze power , the listing arm of the massive three gorges dam project , dealers said  .
the close-range killing of a frenchwoman working for the un refugee agency in southeast afghanistan at the weekend brings to  the number of aid workers killed by suspected taliban this year  .
the all blacks ' upset loss to australia in rugby 's world cup on saturday  an abrupt rise in the level of women being attacked by their male partners , women 's refuge organizations said monday  .
prime minister ariel sharon flew out of israel monday headed for rome , where he will hold talks with his italian counterpart silvio berlusconi , an afp correspondent traveling with the premier said  .
a corruption probe was launched in australia monday into a  electoral fraud conviction which temporarily put firebrand right-wing politician pauline hanson behind bars  .
police said monday they had arrested two men for torching a court and a prosecutor 's office in indonesia 's flores island during a mass protest against the sentencing of a catholic priest for libel  .
an indian government minister who was caught on video allegedly taking a cash bribe offered monday to resign in an attempt at political damage control ahead of crucial provincial elections  .
hong kong gold prices closed higher on monday at  .
us dollars an ounce , compared with friday 's closing rate of  .
the israeli foreign ministry warned travellers monday planning to visit turkey to `` take every precaution '' following the weekend twin car bomb attacks on synagogues in istanbul  .
silkair , the regional wing of singapore airlines -lrb- sia -rrb- , will suspend its twice-weekly service to chittagong from january , a silkair spokeswoman said here monday  .
percent lower monday in line with losses in regional markets after japanese stocks plunged to a three-month low , dealers said  .
south korean companies , hit by tumbling sales , have boosted profitability through cost-cutting and lower interest expenses , stock market authorities said monday  .
us open champion andy roddick has finished ahead of wimbledon champion roger federer , french open champion juan carlos ferrero and australian open champion andre agassi in both the  champions race and atp rankings  .
controversial australian euthanasia campaigner philip nitschke unveiled his latest suicide device monday , highlighting the ease with which it can be assembled using household items such as a jam or vegemite jar  .
fifty-four iranians are to be pardoned in a mass prisoner release in turkmenistan during the holy muslim month of ramadan , official sources in this former soviet republic said on monday  .
a saudi woman saved at least one life when she broke the law to drive seven people wounded in the suicide bombing of a housing compound in the capital to hospital , a newspaper said monday  .
vietnam 's authorities were monday trying to restore food supplies and rehouse hundreds of thousands of people left homeless by the floods that killed  and caused millions of dollars worth of damage last week  .
on the richter scale hit the aleutian islands region off the coast of the us state of alaska on sunday , the strasbourg earth sciences observatory said monday  .
hyundai group chairwoman hyun jung-eun on monday announced an offer of new shares in an intensifying family feud for control of the troubled business empire  .
the euro disney theme park near paris said its turnstiles clicked through , fewer visitors in - than the previous year with the result that losses leapt by  .
henkel , the german maker of persil washing powder , said on monday its net profit rose  .
percent to  million euros -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- in the third quarter of the current year , at the top end of analysts ' expectations  .
british mobile phones group mmo announced on monday its first pre-tax profit , two years after it was  off from the country 's  behemoth bt group  .
iran 's top national security official , hassan rowhani , was to meet senior european union officials in brussels monday as part of a major diplomatic lobbying effort ahead of a meeting of the un 's nuclear watchdog  .
the malaysian navy has detained  thai fishermen and one from myanmar for alleged illegal fishing here , and seized two boats , it said monday  .
percent lower monday as most investors stayed on the sidelines ahead of tuesday 's debut of china yangtze power , the listing arm of the massive three gorges dam project , dealers said  .
the drop kick goal should be devalued from three points to one , former all black winger grant batty said monday  .
italian president carlo azeglio ciampi cut short an official visit to the united states on monday to honor  of his countrymen killed in a bomb attack in nasiriyah in southern iraq  .
myanmar 's ruling junta on monday rejected a report that north korea is selling it missiles and providing nuclear technology , saying it had no intention of threatening its neighbors with the weapons  .
indonesia monday said third quarter economic growth picked up from the second quarter to an annualised  .
percent , making the full-year target of four percent is achievable  .
conrad black is resigning as head of hollinger international which owns the daily telegraph newspaper in london , chicago sun-times and jerusalem post , over an internal probe into special payments , the group said on monday  .
a corruption probe was launched in australia monday into a  electoral fraud conviction that temporarily put firebrand right-wing politician pauline hanson behind bars  .
patrolling us soldiers were attacked in the center of afghanistan 's main southern city kandahar at the weekend , but there were no casualties , police said monday  .
lebanon 's shiite fundamentalist group hezbollah has ruled out a prisoner exchange with israel if the jewish state refuses to include a lebanese jailed for more than  years , a newspaper reported monday  .
england coach clive woodward brushed off fears that spies might seek to gain inside information on his team 's preparations ahead of saturday 's world cup final against australia  .
more than two million thais are expected to take part in a mass aerobics workout to mark national health day this sunday , officials said monday  .
british retailer debenhams marked its debut in asia with the launch monday of its first department store in malaysia 's largest shopping mall , and said it planned to expand to indonesia , thailand and china  .
percent lower monday , slipping against a backdrop of weaker regional markets , dealers said  .
hong kong 's unemployment rate declined for the third consecutive report , falling to  .
percent in the three months to october due to a continued pickup in economic activity , the government said monday  .
an indian government minister who was caught on video allegedly taking a cash bribe offered monday to resign in an attempt to control damage two weeks before elections in politically crucial states  .
russian defense minister sergei ivanov called for greater state control over oil resources and accused the country 's oil majors of failing to invest sufficiently in exploration in an interview published monday  .
percent lower monday on further market consolidation , with sentiment undermined by wall street 's losses on friday and the weakening of regional bourses , dealers said  .
bad weather has threatened to ruin the start of the three-match one-day series between england and sri lanka here on tuesday  .
hopes of ending a civil war that has claimed an estimated , lives in the east-central african state of burundi over the past decade dimmed monday when a rebel group rejected an ultimatum to lay down arms within three months  .
a chinese businessman has been sentenced to death for bank fraud after he promised a company high interest rates but swindled it out of some  .
million dollars -rrb- , state press reported monday  .
percent lower monday on profit-taking sparked by weakness on regional markets , dealers said  .
two ringleaders of a large chinese gang have been sentenced to life in jail after being convicted of kidnapping and trafficking  young women , state press said monday  .
pilots of an international airline monday refused to fly  pakistan men who were being deported from sri lanka after overstaying their visas , officials said  .
the sultanate of oman will observe a week of public holidays to celebrate national day and eid al-fitr , which marks the end of the muslim fasting month of ramadan , officials said monday  .
a major shareholder in the embattled russian oil giant yukos who has fled to israel accused the kremlin monday of persecuting the group after an attempt to unseat him as rector of a prestigious moscow university  .
president olusegun obasanjo of nigeria met with zimbabwean president robert mugabe and opposition leader morgan tsvangirai in harare monday , ahead of next month 's commonwealth summit to which mugabe has not been invited  .
a man who broke into a beijing wildlife park near the great wall has been found dead after being mauled by a siberian tiger , local press reports said monday  .
percent lower monday as investors sold off heavily after the government introduced and then modified measures to curb speculators , dealers said  .
foreign money will play a greater role in china 's energy sector in the future if only the government will let it by facilitating the inflow of funding from abroad , the international energy agency said monday  .
this western indian city was still jubilant monday after a festival that saw some of bollywood 's biggest stars gather to celebrate the city 's film and television institute of india -lrb-  -rrb-  .
european stock markets suffered heavy losses in early trading on monday as gloom from new york 's poor end to last week was compounded by a plunge in japanese equities linked to fears about terrorism  .
conrad black , the north american press baron who controls the daily telegraph in london , chicago sun-times and jerusalem post , is resigning over a payments probe and might sell his empire , his hollinger group said on monday  .
south african president thabo mbeki left monday morning for a three-day state visit to france , during which he is expected to discuss a spectrum of issues ranging from african development to soccer  .
the success of a nationalist hardliner in serbia 's inconclusive presidential election on the weekend marks the end of the balkan republic 's reformist government , reports said monday  .
percent lower monday , slipping against a backdrop of weaker regional markets , dealers said  .
henkel , the german maker of persil washing powder , said on monday that bottom-line profits rose in the third quarter as recent restructuring measures began to bear fruit , but it remained cautious on the earnings outlook in the absence of any sustained recovery in its key markets  .
deutsche post , the semi-privatised german postal authority , is to pay an increased dividend to its shareholders for the  business year , finance chief edgar ernst was quoted by the monday edition of the daily die welt as saying  .
employees of iraq 's central bank were  monday while a rocket which landed nearby was defused , witnesses said  .
percent after the market opened monday for the first time since  people died in a weekend accident aboard the luxury liner queen mary  at the group 's shipyard on the french atlantic coast  .
percent higher monday on active buying in most sectors by investors amid sustained upbeat sentiment about the economy , brokers said  .
a muslim cleric and his assistant arrested in germany on suspicion of links with the al-qaeda network have been extradited to the united states , prosecutors said monday  .
a top chechen envoy whom britain has refused to extradite to moscow urged russians on monday to vote against president vladimir putin and the pro-government party in next month 's parliamentary elections  .
fresh squabbles among cambodia 's political parties emerged monday as they failed to agree on a date to discuss forming a coalition government , nearly four months after inconclusive elections  .
rubber prices in singapore were lower monday on reduced volumes , dealers said  .
another strike by austrian airline -lrb- aua -rrb- pilots was looming on monday as the head of the airline 's labor union said he saw no room for a compromise with management over its cost-cutting plans  .
a kuwaiti secondary school has barred  girls from attending classes for the last two days after refusing to wear the muslim hijab headscarf , a newspaper reported monday  .
egypt 's intelligence chief omar suleiman began talks here monday with palestinian leader yasser arafat and prime minister ahmed qorei as part of efforts to broker a new ceasefire with israel  .
dresdner bank , the banking arm of german insurance giant allianz , is considering pulling out of high-street banking in eastern europe as part of a restructuring program being imposed by allianz , a spokesman for the bank said on monday  .
the european union 's top diplomat said monday iran had been `` honest '' in its nuclear dealings with the international community but must now implement a deal to open up its nuclear sites to snap inspections  .
a decision by the kuwaiti government sunday to open up the domestic aviation sector to private investors is expected to lure billions of dollars in investments , a senior economist said monday  .
a muslim cleric and his assistant arrested in germany on suspicion of links with the al-qaeda network have been extradited to the united states , prosecutors said monday  .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon flew into rome early monday for a three-day visit to italy aimed at bolstering israel 's troubled relations with the european union  .
pakistan vowed monday to `` choke '' any terrorist financing channels by the end of the week as it pursued a surprise new crackdown against islamic militant groups  .
thai regulators on monday cracked down on speculators accused of overheating the stock market , approving new rules requiring deposits of up to  percent on retail day-trading accounts  .
germany 's ruling social democrats launched their annual congress monday hoping to put on a united front behind chancellor gerhard schroeder despite widespread discontent over his reform policies  .
south korean president roh moo-hyun 's national security advisor will leave tuesday for europe for talks on the north korean nuclear crisis , the president 's office said  .
percent lower monday as investors sold off heavily after the government introduced measures to curb speculators , dealers said  .
spain 's leading hotel chain sol melia reported on monday a -percent rise in net nine-month profits to  .
million dollars -rrb- , including exceptional items , but sales slipped  .
the european union monday condemned the `` heinous '' weekend bomb attacks on two synagogues in istanbul and reaffirmed its opposition to anti-semitism  .
india have selected an  it was good to see jason gillespie on the comeback from injury after being named in the south australian squad to play new south wales in adelaide from tuesday  .
pakistan on monday accused indian forces of blocking youths trying to escape repression in indian-controlled kashmir in what it termed a `` reverse  movement  .
-million dollar corruption case involving two former government deputy ministers began in vietnam monday , state media said  .
french carrier air france will in june  resume flights to tehran , nearly seven years after the service was halted due to low profitability , the company said monday  .
nobel peace laureate elie wiesel criticised pope john paul ii for condemning israel 's building of a west bank security barrier in an interview with an italian newspaper monday which coincided with the start of a visit by israeli prime minister ariel sharon  .
a new hearing opened monday into a  plane crash at hong kong 's international airport that killed three and injured more than  , following fresh evidence blaming weather rather than pilot error  .
mclaren mercedes said monday that williams ' colombian driver juan pablo montoya will join the team for the  formula one season  .
on said on monday that its earnings rose strongly in the first nine months on the back of the strong performance of its core energy businesses  .
chinese scientists have found an early sample of a flower sub-species that was once rare , but has gradually expanded to now nearly dominate the kingdom of plants , state media said monday  .
hundreds of students from kabul university protested monday against the heavily presidential system of government advocated in the draft of afghanistan 's first post-taliban constitution  .
percent in august compared to september , and was down  .
percent on a -month basis , the eu statistics office eurostat said monday  .
malaysia 's top mobile operator maxis communications on monday posted a  .
percent year-on-year rise in third quarter net profit and said it expects a satisfactory performance in the remaining quarter  .
pakistan on monday hit back at accusations from afghanistan 's foreign minister that it is supporting taliban  , saying afghanistan was failing to help control the neighbors ' porous frontier  .
sri lanka 's influential buddhist clergy has called for the scrapping of the country 's constitution , blaming it for the power struggle between the president and the prime minister , temple officials said monday  .
the united states began its final round of consultations with cambodian groups and the government monday over annual textile quotas it will provide to cambodia for the last time in   .
lithuanian president rolandas paksas , fighting for his political survival after a security services report accused his office of links with the mafia , plans to visit his country 's troops in iraq this week , defense minister linas linkevicius said on monday  .
conrad black , the north american press baron who controls the daily telegraph in london , chicago sun-times and jerusalem post , is resigning over a payments probe and might sell his empire , his hollinger group said on monday  .
in its second vehement verbal attack on taiwan in less than a week , china monday urged the island 's president chen shui-bian to stop his separatist `` criminal activities , '' state media reported  .
japanese share prices plunged to a three-month low monday on concerns about the health of the banking sector and that tokyo could be a target of iraq-related terrorism  .
the renowned la fayette collection of classic french stamp errors , estimated at around seven million euros , goes under the hammer on monday in the most important stamp sale held in france in  years  .
the english press on monday hailed the - rugby world cup victory over the `` old enemy '' france , singling out ``  jonny '' wilkinson , who scored every one of england 's points in their impressive semi-final win in sydney  .
egypt 's intelligence chief omar suleiman expressed optimism about the prospects of securing a new middle east ceasefire after talks here monday with the palestinian leadership  .
german chancellor gerhard schroeder called on his grumbling party monday to show `` the courage for truth , the desire for change , '' as he opened its annual congress amid widespread discontent over his reforms  .
sudanese authorities on monday suspended publication of the independent daily al-ayam while they investigate charges it has threatened national security , newspapers reported monday  .
turkish financial markets held steady on monday as investors took a punt that the deadly weekend bombings in istanbul would not hit the fragile economic progress in the crisis-hit country  .
the european central bank may be forced to raise its key interest rates if eurozone governments ' runaway public deficits feed inflationary pressures in the region 's economy , the bundesbank hinted on monday  .
a palestinian implicated in four suicide bomb attacks in israel was handed  life sentences by an israeli military tribunal monday , according to military sources  .
burundi has embarked on a rocky road to recovery from civil war , with an obstinate rebel group on monday rejecting calls to disarm and a devastated economy that can ill afford the costs of peace-building  .
french president jacques chirac will hold summit talks in london next monday with british prime minister tony blair , british officials said monday  .
the death toll from the weekend suicide truck bombings at two synagogues in istanbul rose to  on monday after the discovery of another body , health officials said  .
in an interview published in britain on the eve of a state visit by us president george w .
bush , the right-wing us politician richard perle said his country continued to make no distinction between people who carry out terrorist acts and countries that harbor them  .
the european union monday welcomed plans to accelerate the handover of power in iraq from the us-led coalition , and stressed the `` vital role '' of the united nations in rebuilding the country  .
pakistan vowed monday to choke `` terrorist '' financing channels within days as it pursued a surprise new crackdown on militant groups , raiding banned groups ' offices and arresting key leaders  .
french flanker serge betsen has been cited for allegedly kicking england scrum-half matt dawson in the head during their world cup semi-final defeat on sunday  .
at least seven people , including two children , were killed in india 's troubled northeastern state of assam in continuing ethnic clashes between two tribal communities , police said monday  .
british prime minister tony blair defended this week 's state visit to london by us president george w .
bush , saying this was no time to waver in the face of global terrorism  .
the death toll from the weekend suicide truck bombings at two synagogues in istanbul rose to  on monday after the discovery of another body , health officials said  .
the united states on monday urged us citizens in yemen to step up personal security precautions , warning that the extradition from germany of a yemeni cleric with suspected al-qaeda links might spark anti-american actions  .
british prime minister tony blair called on the united states on monday to respond to a world trade organisation -lrb- wto -rrb- ruling hat have already stalled since a meeting in cancun , mexico collapsed three months ago amid deep divisions between rich and poor nations  .
inter milan are desperately trying to sign brazilian starlet diego , according to the gazzetta dello sport on monday  .
participants in next month 's first ever global summit on the information society are to hold another meeting to finish preparations on the meeting over how to bridge the digital divide between rich and poor countries , organisers said monday  .
senior iraqi kurdish leader and current chair of iraq 's us-appointed governing council , jalal talabani , arrived in iran on monday in his first visit here since the fall of saddam hussein 's regime  .
delphi corporation , the world 's biggest cars parts supplier , said monday it has bought the car radio division of bankrupt german consumer electronics group grundig for  million euros -lrb-  million dollars -rrb-  .
petroleum development oman -lrb- pdo -rrb- , a hydrocarbon exploration and production company , is inviting bids for the development of an oil field in the south of the gulf state , press reports said monday  .
oil prices nudged downwards on monday as dealers took some profits following strong gains the previous week on the back of worries about iraq and terrorism  .
nato chief lord george robertson arrived in kosovo monday for a brief visit to the un administered province , an official said  .
bangladesh 's second largest opposition party , the jatiya party -lrb- jp -rrb- , monday said it would join the main opposition awami league party in boycotting the current session of parliament because of comments made by a government minister  .
a rare new `` super '' strain of tuberculosis that is costly and time-consuming to treat has been identified in south africa 's western cape province , a leading scientist said monday  .
a major shareholder in the embattled russian oil giant yukos who has fled to israel accused the kremlin monday of forcing his ouster as rector of a prestigious moscow university as part of its campaign of persecution of the group  .
at least four people , including a civilian , were killed and three others wounded in fighting between two local rival commanders in eastern afghanistan , a military official said on monday  .
middlesbrough defender franck queudrue has been cleared of violent behavior after an incident involving southampton striker kevin phillips  .
one dancing the classics , the other showcasing china 's contemporary scene , russia 's bolshoi ballet and the beijing modern dance company will play in the french capital next january as guests of the paris opera  .
a pan-african parliament will come into being in mid-december now that a th african union -lrb- au -rrb- member state -- senegal -- has ratified the african economic community treaty , the au said at the weekend  .
israel will not dismantle jewish settlements , a senior official traveling with prime minister ariel sharon said monday , adding that such a move would be tantamount to a `` reward for terrorism  .
italian fashion group prada has signed a preliminary agreement with four  banks to guarantee a loan convertible into shares when the company is eventually floated on the stock market , a  said monday  .
president johannes rau flies out of berlin late monday on a -day trip to mexico , chile , uruguay and brazil aimed at strengthening germany 's standing in latin america , his office said  .
seven eastern african countries launched a regional foundation here monday to help fight paediatric pneumonia and meningitis , organisers said  .
southampton 's matt oakley needs reconstructive surgery on his left knee which will rule him out for the remainder of the season  .
some , greeks gathered in downtown athens monday to commemorate a bloody  student uprising against greece 's then military junta , police sources said  .
russian orthodox patriarch alexy ii on monday appealed for unity among christians in a single church ahead of a historic visit to moscow by orthodox leaders from outside russia  .
swedish primary school students increasingly suffer from headaches , with one in six reporting a migraine at least once in the past year and one in four reporting a tension headache , a fresh study showed  .
working on a much  follow-up album to her hugely succesful debut effort ``   !
nelly '' made it easier to cope with a first pregnancy , canadian pop star nelly furtado has said  .
russia said monday that an agreement to transfer control of the country from us overseers to iraqis risked failure because it did not provide a role for the united nations  .
denmark 's customs agency said monday it had tightened controls on israeli goods to ensure that items produced in jewish settlements in occupied palestinian territories do not benefit from favorable trade conditions from the european union  .
british rider neil hodgson and spaniard ruben  will compete for the ducati  team in next season 's motogp championship  .
four russian servicemen including three officers have gone on trial for the murder of six chechen civilians in january  , russian media reported monday  .
about , tobacco growers laid siege to the european union quarter of brussels monday in a noisy protest at eu proposals to scrap subsidies they say are vital for their livelihoods  .
russian authorities on monday announced a near seven percent hike in industrial output this year as well as a  percent surge in foreign direct investment  .
britain 's ambassador to uzbekistan returned to his post on monday despite reports that london has been calling for his head for criticizing the dismal human rights record in the former soviet republic , an embassy official said  .
egypt 's intelligence chief omar suleiman expressed optimism about the prospects of securing a new middle east ceasefire after talks here monday with the palestinian leadership  .
police in the baltic state of lithuania have seized a record haul of hashish worth one million dollars -lrb- , euros -rrb- in the port of klaipeda , a police spokeswoman said on monday  .
the german company accused of supplying israel with a defective non-dairy baby formula blamed for the deaths of two babies said monday that it had sacked four employees over the incident  .
us troops said monday they had killed six suspected saddam hussein loyalists in battle against the growing insurgency in iraq as us president george w .
bush vowed his forces would not leave the war-torn country `` until the job is done  .
williams driver juan pablo montoya has described his link-up with mclaren for the  formula one season as an amazing challenge  .
israel will not dismantle jewish settlements , a senior official traveling with prime minister ariel sharon said monday , adding that such a move would be tantamount to a `` reward for terrorism  .
at least five people were killed in an air-strike near a taliban-controlled district of southeastern afghanistan , a police commander and the us military said  .
us stocks swung lower in opening trade monday as the market continued consolidation , with no major economic or corporate news on the calender  .
the chief lawyer representing alexandros  , the alleged chief of the greek extremist faction november  , on monday defended the group 's record of  murders and  bomb attacks during  years of violent action  .
turkish financial markets suffered only minimal losses monday as investors took a punt that the deadly weekend bombings in istanbul would not hit the fragile economic progress in the crisis-hit country  .
briton richard burns will have to sit out next season 's world rally championship as he receives radiation therapy on a brain tumor  .
guinea-bissau 's interim parliament has reinstated the head of the supreme court , sacked in  by kumba yala , the president who was toppled in a september coup , a spokesman said monday  .
pakistan vowed monday to choke `` terrorist '' financing channels within days as it pursued a surprise new crackdown on militant groups , raiding offices and making more than  arrests  .
israel on monday flatly rejected pope john paul ii 's condemnation of its building of a security barrier in the west bank as prime minister ariel sharon began a three-day visit to italy  .
percent fall in sales in the third quarter to  .
million euros -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- compared with the same period last year  .
nearly half of london 's police officers will be on the job when us president george w .
bush pays a state visit to britain from tuesday , the metropolitan police said monday  .
the popularity of russian president vladimir putin has risen sharply in recent days , with the legal campaign against oil giant yukos likely to have contributed to the surge , an opinion poll institute said monday  .
some , greeks gathered in downtown athens monday to commemorate a bloody  student uprising against greece 's then military junta , police sources said  .
sri lanka 's beleaguered government monday said it could draw from the french political system in a bid to head off a bitter power struggle with a hostile president  .
the vietnam war veteran who inspired the film `` born on the fourth of july '' kicked off a week of protests in london on monday against the state visit of us president george w .
eu external relations commissioner chris patten and several ministers criticized monday an outburst by italian prime minister silvio berlusconi backing russian president vladimir putin , eu sources said  .
some , greeks gathered in downtown athens monday to commemorate a bloody  student uprising against greece 's then military junta , police sources said  .
about , tobacco growers laid siege to the european union quarter of brussels monday in a noisy protest at eu proposals to scrap subsidies they say are vital for their livelihoods  .
belgium will co-host a donor conference in support of the transition to peace in burundi , whose government signed a power-sharing accord with rebels at the weekend , the foreign ministry announced monday  .
israel should respect any ceasefire agreed by the palestinians rather than force its collapse , egyptian foreign minister ahmed maher said monday as his country pursued efforts to secure a truce  .
the trial on genocide charges of former rwandan finance minister emmanuel  has been postponed because witnesses have not arrived at the un tribunal here , the independent hirondelle news agency reported  .
paul companies said monday they are merging to form the second largest us commercial insurance company by market value  .
briton richard burns will miss next season 's world rally championship as he receives radiation therapy on a brain tumor  .
belgium will co-host a donor conference in support of the transition to peace in burundi , whose government signed a power-sharing accord with rebels at the weekend , the foreign ministry announced monday  .
israel and the palestinian authority have signed a deal supplying the palestinian territories with electricity from the jewish state , the israeli infrastructure minister said monday  .
british prime minister tony blair on monday called his turkish counterpart recep tayyip erdogan over the deadly twin bomb attacks against two synagogues in istanbul at the weekend , erdogan 's office said  .
austrian railroad workers said they would strike again if talks with the government on splitting the national railroad into four separate companies broke down  .
wall street giant morgan stanley will pay  million dollars to settle charges that failed to  stanley received monetary incentives -- in the form of ` shelf space ' payments -- to sell particular mutual funds to its customers , '' said sec enforcement chief stephen cutler  .
the russian orthodox church is suspending its relations with the episcopalians , the us wing of the anglican church , over the  of openly gay bishop gene robinson , the patriarchate said monday in a statement  .
a muslim cleric and his assistant , both yemenis nabbed in a sting in germany on suspicion of links with the al-qaeda network , have been extradited to the united states and face arraignment monday , authorities said  .
the us state department has summoned the ambassadors to the united states from most nations in the middle east for a monday briefing on plans for iraq 's transition to self-rule , officials said  .
four russian servicemen including three officers faced murder charges monday for last year 's deaths of six chechen civilians , in one of the rare military trials held during the four-year war in the caucasus republic  .
turkey called again monday for a united international effort to combat terrorism and slammed unnamed nations for shedding `` crocodile tears '' over the deadly bombings on two istanbul synagogues at the weekend  .
european  crumbled monday , with the london ftse  index down  .
hundreds of members of a new iraqi police force held demonstrations monday in central baghdad demanding several months of wages they said had not been paid  .
the european union agreed monday to set up a new defense agency next year to streamline and boost the bloc 's military muscle , denying it will in any way compete with nato despite some us concerns  .
leaders of  central and eastern european countries gather in warsaw from thursday for their last summit before the european union 's eastwards expansion next year , a polish official said monday  .
oil prices nudged downwards on monday as dealers took some profits following strong gains the previous week on the back of worries about iraq and terrorism  .
a former french defense minister and the current spokesman for the country 's ruling party went on trial in paris monday accused of money-laundering and raising illegal party funds  .
's investors service upgraded the rating outlook on credit suisse monday to stable from negative due to a big improvement in its profitability  .
a jury on monday found accused washington sniper john allen muhammad guilty of murder and terrorism , both of which possibly carry the death penalty  .
ivory coast 's former rebels said monday after talks with togo 's president gnassingbe eyadema that they are committed to restoring peace in the world 's top cocoa producer , the president 's office said  .
said monday that it was considering its options after conrad black 's hollinger group signalled its flagship daily telegraph of london could be on the sale block  .
us stocks went into a slide monday as security concerns pummeled stocks around the globe following weekend terrorist attacks in turkey that heightened fears about al-qaeda  .
un secretary general kofi annan said monday he was considering how the united nations could help iraq set up a new government after the united states agreed to a faster handover of power in baghdad  .
the family of a french un worker killed by suspected taliban in southeast afghanistan will arrive in kabul on wednesday , a un official said  .
zimbabwe police warned the country 's main labor body monday against holding planned nationwide anti-government protests , saying they were illegal and would be crushed  .
two of the world 's most famous violins , once the property of the italian composer paganini , are due in russia 's second city of saint petersburg to be played in a music festival next week , officials with the local philharmonia said monday  .
police and fire services converged on buckingham palace on monday after a lone female protester climbed to the top of the front gate to protest us president george w .
more than  sierra leoneans who fled to neighboring guinea during the brutal decade-long war here are to return home next week , the un refugee agency said monday  .
wall street giant morgan stanley will pay  million dollars to settle charges that it failed to make adequate disclosures to customers buying mutual funds , the securities and exchange commission said monday  .
russia 's fugitive tycoon boris berezovsky accused moscow prosecutors of being behind a swiss probe into his activities to check whether money has been laundered in the country  .
foreign investment in romania in the post-communist era since  reached the milestone of  billion dollars -lrb-  .
billion euros -rrb- in september , the govenment 's foreign investment office said monday  .
holland have brushed off concerns that midfielder andy van der meyde will miss wednesday 's second leg of the euro  playoff against scotland after he fainted during a television interview  .
the un-backed war crimes court for sierra leone on monday released a book to help teach citizens about the process by which people will be tried for crimes against humanity during the decade-long civil war  .
the un refugee agency has halted road trips throughout afghanistan and will review its program to help afghans return home following the murder of a french worker , the unhcr said on monday  .
the european union monday welcomed the adoption of a draft constitution in afghanistan saying it stood ready to back the war-scarred nation in its fraught transition to democracy  .
poland and ukraine will sign an agreement on integrating the odessa-brody pipeline with the polish system and transporting oil from the caspian sea through poland on november  , the polish infrastructure ministry said on monday  .
the euro lost ground against the dollar here monday as traders , despite fears of future terrorist attacks , decided to cash in on early gains  .
european stock markets suffered heavy losses monday as a sell-off on wall street and weekend terrorist attacks in turkey gave investors the jitters  .
unions and austrian airlines reached a compromise over painful cost-cutting plans at the national carrier on monday , warding off a threatened pilot 's strike , the company 's ceo said  .
great britain center keith senior is out of the third ashes test against australia after undergoing surgery on a hand injury suffered in saturday 's second test  .
police and fire services converged on buckingham palace on monday after a lone female protester climbed to the top of its front gate to protest us president george w .
two us soldiers were killed and two others wounded in two separate attacks north of baghdad monday , a us military spokesman said  .
germany 's foreign minister joschka fischer on monday welcomed us moves to speed up the handover of power in iraq as `` an important step '' after meeting secretary of state colin powell  .
skirmishes between police forces and anarchist demonstrators marred a largely peaceful demonstration in downtown athens on monday commemorating a bloody  student uprising against greece 's former military junta  .
president mohammad khatami for the first time monday expressly recognized the us-backed interim governing council saying it was `` capable , '' with the people , of running the country and leading it toward independence  .
top ivory coast rebel leader guillaume soro is due in accra tuesday for a meeting with ghana 's president john kufuor to discuss the power struggle crippling the world 's top cocoa producer , his new forces party said here monday  .
newcastle stars kieron dyer and jonathan woodgate have ended their injury spells and could force their way back into bobby robson 's squad ahead of saturday 's match against manchester city  .
the split between the united states and europe over iran 's nuclear program widened on monday as us secretary of state colin powell said an eu evaluation that tehran had been `` honest '' with the un 's atomic watchdog had gone too far  .
experts from african countries gathered here monday for a two-day meeting to thrash out ways of solving africa 's crippling foreign debt problem  .
spain midfielder joaquin sanchez has hit out at the defensive tactics of norway as the teams prepare to meet in oslo on wednesday in the second leg of their euro  playoff  .
france called on its european union partners monday to adopt an initiative aimed at helping an estimated two million african cotton producers who have been hurt by government subsidies accorded their rivals in developed countries  .
un secretary general kofi annan said monday he was considering how the united nations could help iraq set up a new government after the united states agreed to a faster handover of power in baghdad  .
the ailing airline swiss said monday its net loss more than doubled to  million swiss francs -lrb-  million euros ,  million dollars -rrb- in the three months to september from the previous year due to massive restructuring costs  .
israel 's prime minister ariel sharon confirmed late monday he intended to hold talks `` in the next few days '' with his palestinian counterpart ahmed qorei  .
president mohammad khatami for the first time monday expressly recognized the us-backed interim governing council , after meeting with jalal talabani , a senior iraqi kurdish leader and current chair of the us-appointed body  .
italy late monday said it would deport a radical muslim leader who warned of the possibility of terrorist attacks in italy , on the grounds that he posed a threat to public security , the interior ministry said  .
a federal court on monday started hearing the latest bid by john hinckley , who shot president ronald reagan in  , to get unsupervised release from a mental hospital where he has been since   .
former ivory coast rebels locked in a power struggle with president laurent gbagbo on monday declared a state of emergency in areas they control and accused the president of preparing to attack them  .
china has given the african union -lrb- au -rrb- , us dollars towards its peace fund , an au press statement said late monday  .
movie star arnold schwarzenegger was monday sworn in as the th governor of the us state of california with a solemn oath that lasted barely one minute  .
a us federal appeals court heard challenges monday to the detention without trial of jose padilla , a us citizen suspected of plotting a radioactive bomb attack with al-qaeda  .
verizon communications said monday , workers have accepted voluntary buyouts , a move that will reduce the company 's workforce by almost  percent  .
five people were killed , and a woman gravely wounded , following a lethal shootout at a nightclub in cali , colombia 's third largest city , local authorities said monday  .
south african president thabo mbeki arrived in france monday for a three-day state visit -- the latest phase of a robust foreign policy agenda that has earned him status on the world stage but jeers at home  .
former ivory coast rebels locked in a power struggle with president laurent gbagbo on monday declared a state of emergency in areas they control and accused the president of preparing to go to war  .
french president jacques chirac on monday reiterated his support for an overhaul of the un security council , insisting after talks with south african president thabo mbeki that africa should have more of a say  .
bush emphasised monday that the united states has no imminent plan to leave iraq , despite its moves to speed up the transfer of sovereignty  .
movie star arnold schwarzenegger was monday sworn in as the th governor of the us state of california in a simple ceremony that he loaded with weight-lifting metaphors  .
an underground islamic fundamentalist group claimed responsibility monday for attacking a us helicopter and an american military convoy in iraq in a tape broadcast on a private lebanese television station  .
iranian president mohammad khatami for the first time monday expressly recognized the us-backed interim governing council in iraq , after meeting with jalal talabani , a senior iraqi kurdish leader and current chair of the us-appointed body  .
the long-delayed trial of namibian suspects accused of treason and secession was adjourned monday to  january next year , media reported  .
the european union 's executive commission said monday it would carry out a far-reaching investigation into a hostile bid by us software producer oracle to acquire the business software programmer peoplesoft  .
three iraqis were killed and at least four wounded monday when us troops fired on shoppers at a baghdad market , witnesses and relatives of the casualties said  .
israel will renew contact with the eu middle east envoy , whom the jewish state had boycotted since he met with palestinian leader yasser arafat in october , foreign minister silvan shalom said monday  .
shares of newspaper group hollinger international surged monday after the company said it has hired an investment bank to explore a possible sale , among other options  .
gary neville has called for conciliatory talks with the football association to prevent controversies over the selection of players from ever happening again  .
israel will renew contact with the eu middle east envoy whom the jewish state had boycotted since he met palestinian leader yasser arafat in october , foreign minister silvan shalom said monday  .
seven people were killed , and a woman gravely wounded , following a lethal shootout at a nightclub in cali , colombia 's third largest city , local authorities said monday  .
two northern iraqi pipelines went ablaze in northern iraq on monday , following an explosion and a rocket-propelled grenade -lrb- rpg -rrb- attack , as a fire struck a natural gas pipeline in the same area , official us and iraqi sources said  .
the united nations has suspended operations in southern and eastern afghanistan after the killing of a french un worker and a string of attacks on un targets , a spokeswoman said monday  .
oil prices nudged downwards on monday as traders took some profits following strong gains the previous week and shook off worries about iraq and terrorism  .
texas rangers shortstop alex rodriguez was on monday named american league most valuable player for the first time despite his team finishing in last place  .
sven-goran eriksson has hailed wayne rooney as england 's ` player of the year ' and said everton 's teenage sensation has exceeded all expectations  .
another two american soldiers were killed in iraq as the us military said monday they had killed six suspected saddam hussein loyalists in battle against escalating violence in the war-torn country  .
great britain coach david waite has ruled out handing five international rookies their chance to win a cap against australia in the third and final ashes test  .
paul companies said monday they are  create one of the nation 's largest and strongest property and casualty insurers , '' fishman said in a statement  .
one member of an iraqi pro-american group was killed and two wounded monday in a drive-by shooting on their offices in the south baghdad district of dora , police said  .
food rations for iraqis , which for years have been funded by the un 's oil-for-food program , will continue until june , a us official said here monday  .
a muslim cleric and his assistant , both yemenis nabbed in a sting in germany on suspicion of funneling funds to the al-qaeda network , appeared in us federal court monday , following their extradition to the united states  .
the dollar was mostly higher monday as investors locked in some of the recent gains of other currencies , shrugging off heightened terrorism concerns  .
anti-war demonstrators have been given permission to stage a march past parliament and government ministries in central london , against us president george w .
bush 's visit to britain , protesters said monday  .
the ailing airline swiss said late monday its net loss more than doubled to  million swiss francs -lrb-  million euros ,  million dollars -rrb- in the third quarter from last year due to huge restructuring costs , but added that it saw fairer skies ahead  .
wall street giant morgan stanley agreed monday to pay  million dollars to settle charges that it failed to disclose fees and commissions used to steer customers to certain mutual funds  .
carolina hurricanes left wing jeff daniels , who spent  seasons in the national hockey league , on monday announced his retirement  .
all air cargo craft flying us airspace will be subject to the same random searches as passenger flights , the department of homeland security announced monday  .
canadian cyclist genevieve jeanson on monday denied taking the endurance-boosting drug erythropoietin -lrb- epo -rrb- after her former doctor admitted administering it to her  .
pop princess britney spears on monday became the youngest-ever music icon ever to be honored with a star on hollywood 's prestigious walk of fame  .
stan kasten , the first person to serve as president of three major american professional sports teams at the same time , resigned monday as president of the atlanta braves , hawks and thrashers  .
share prices in tokyo opened marginally higher tuesday with the nikkei- index gaining  .
a detachment of  portuguese military police arrived in nasariyah in southern iraq on monday to take part in the international stabilisation force , according to portuguese journalist carlos  , traveling with them after being freed by hostage-takers  .
the us supreme court declined monday to review the case of a mexican national sentenced to death who claims he did not get consular assistance , drawing an unusual dissent from two justices who accused the court of ignoring international law  .
boring england are killing rugby and the sport is struggling to free itself from the clutches of a six nations-led tactical disease of  ,  play  .
england are back atop the international rugby board -lrb- irb -rrb- world rankings following their world cup semi-final win over france  .
russian president vladimir putin and italian prime minister silvio berlusconi praised the results of their  summit which ended in controversy after berlusconi defended russia on contentious issues such as the war in chechnya and the yukos affair  .
fixtures for euro  play-offs , second leg matches on wednesday  .
french flanker serge betsen was facing a lengthy ban from rugby after being cited for allegedly kicking england scrum-half matt dawson in the head during their world cup semi-final defeat on sunday  .
has won a court order barring creditors from foreclosing on its assets , its parent firm said tuesday  .
france captain fabien galthie said here tuesday he is to return home earlier than scheduled following the death of an uncle  .
us secretary of state colin powell left for europe late monday in an effort to head off new rifts in transatlantic relations and ease lingering us-european strains over iraq  .
hong kong gold prices opened lower on tuesday at  .
us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of  .
turkish investigators claimed a major breakthrough in finding those behind the weekend truck bombings at istanbul synagogues , as the country 's jewish community prepared to bury their dead on tuesday  .
us secretary of state colin powell is due in brussels tuesday for talks with his european counterparts likely to be dominated by iraq and iran  .
two more us soldiers were killed in iraq as the us military said it killed six suspected saddam hussein loyalists in battle against escalating violence in the war-torn country  .
italians began a day of mourning tuesday , preparing to pay their final respects at a massive state funeral here to  italians killed in a truck bombing in iraq  .
a private eye to hollywood stars such as michael jackson and elizabeth taylor surrendered to justice monday but refused to co-operate with a probe into the alleged bugging of celebrities  .
australian flagship airline qantas said tuesday it had accepted the resignation of director trevor kennedy whose home was raided last week as part of an investigation by the financial regulator  .
ariel sharon meets italian prime minister silvio berlusconi here tuesday , with the israeli prime minister in uncompromising mood following european and vatican criticism of his policy on jewish settlements and the building of a security barrier in the west bank  .
small colourful fish are disappearing from the reefs of vanuatu owing to surging demand for tropical aquarium fish prompted by the hit cartoon movie finding nemo , australian radio reported tuesday  .
australia struck the first blow ahead of their world cup final against england here on saturday by winning the toss for the home dressing room at the olympic stadium  .
the international rugby board -lrb- irb -rrb- has named a short-list of five players for its player of the year award to be announced on sunday , a day after the world cup final  .
hollywood star michael douglas is to receive a prestigious lifetime achievement award from the organisers of the golden globe awards , the same gong his father kirk douglas won  years ago  .
the international monetary fund said tuesday that an economic recovery is on its way in south korea where growth is expected to reach  .
china 's fixed asset investment in october rose  .
percent from the same month last year but the growth rate was the lowest in  , the national bureau of statistics said tuesday  .
us funnyman steve martin will take the role of bungling french detective inspector clouseau in a revival of the `` pink panther '' movies made famous by peter sellers , producers said monday  .
the dollar was stuck in a narrow range against the yen on tuesday as investors turned cautious following a  .
-percent plunge in japanese shares the day before , dealers said  .
british police mounted a huge security operation tuesday for the start of an unprecedented state visit by us president george w .
bush , amid fears of a terrorist attack and with anti-war campaigners planning massive street protests  .
two people were killed when a violent storm swept a motorboat carrying  passengers and crew aground on russia 's far eastern peninsula of kamchatka , local emergency ministry officials said early tuesday  .
shares of china yangtze power co , the listing arm of china 's massive three gorges dam project , rose more than  percent on their listing on the shanghai stock exchange tuesday  .
france and new zealand chose different approaches in naming their sides tuesday for the world cup third-place playoff game with the all blacks naming a full-strength side and france sending out the reserves  .
the united states said tuesday that a free trade agreement should not be the ``  and end-all '' of its relationship with new zealand and denied that it required new zealand to re-examine its anti-nuclear policy  .
oil prices slumped in asia on tuesday after overnight losses on wall street triggered by profit-taking , dealers said  .
bush has selected a prominent texas oil industry lobbyist with close ties to the bush family to become the new us ambassador to saudi arabia , the white house announced monday  .
philippine share prices closed flat tuesday , with investors staying on the sidelines monitoring developments as political manoeuvring continues to pick up ahead of the may presidential election , dealers said  .
approved foreign investment in indonesia rose sharply in the first ten months of this year to  .
billion a year earlier , the national investment coordinating board said in a report seen tuesday  .
ten people were arrested in vietnam for taking part in an illegal motorbike race around the streets of the capital , traffic police said tuesday  .
percent in morning trade on tuesday following continued losses on wall street , dealers said  .
two israelis were killed when palestinian gunmen opened fire along a west bank road near the southern entry to jerusalem early tuesday , israeli military radio reported  .
hundreds more police have been sent to a district in indonesia 's sulawesi island where sectarian tension has risen following the weekend murder of three christians , police said tuesday  .
results from the world cup men 's volleyball tournament on tuesday  .
philippine share prices closed flat tuesday , with investors staying on the sidelines monitoring developments as political manoeuvring continues to pick up ahead of the may presidential election , dealers said  .
police in the indonesian capital said tuesday they had shot dead three suspected drug traffickers , including a chinese citizen  .
australian shares closed little changed tuesday on the main indices but the broader market was weaker after further losses on wall street amid concerns over possible fresh terrorist activity , dealers said  .
thai customs officials said tuesday they had confiscated  pangolins sent from malaysia and believed destined for china in their second major seizure of the scaly  in less than a week  .
australia 's aristocrat leisure slumped  percent tuesday after the world 's second largest slot machine manufacturer issued its fourth profit warning of calendar   .
a japanese bullet train driver is being investigated for snapping pictures from his cellphone and emailing them to his girlfriend while on the job , reports and the train company said tuesday  .
a thai minister on tuesday accused indonesian navy and marine police of corruption for demanding bribes from thai fishermen operating in indonesian waters  .
cambodia has deported a -year-old us national to the united states where he will face trial on child sex offences allegedly committed here , police and us embassy officials said tuesday  .
a malaysian man who sought treatment for swelling in his eye had a shock when doctors found a six centimetre length of  embedded just beneath his brain , reports said tuesday  .
former us president bill clinton is to visit india later this week to bolster efforts to prevent and control hiv and aids , sources said tuesday  .
financial secretary henry tang warned tuesday that hong kong 's unemployment problem is structural and still had to be resolved despite recent falls in the jobless rate amid a post-sars economic revival  .
percent higher tuesday , shaking off the overseas malaise to close in positive territory , dealers said  .
percent lower in modest trade tuesday , extending their losses after a further downturn on wall street overnight and a foreign investor sell-off , dealers said  .
parents of  teenagers slain in a shocking serial murder case in central china revealed tuesday how their desperate pleas for police to find their missing sons fell on deaf ears  .
four thai muslims accused of belonging to the jemaah islamiyah -lrb- ji -rrb- terrorist group and plotting a series of attacks on foreign embassies and tourist spots in the kingdom went on trial here tuesday , officials said  .
australian shares closed little changed tuesday on the main indices but the broader market was weaker after further losses on wall street amid concerns over possible fresh terrorist activity , dealers said  .
a former vietnamese refugee was jailed tuesday over a multi-million dollar scam to defraud one of australia 's largest banks using stolen cheques  .
the saudi government has welcomed the us agreement with iraq 's interim governing council to accelerate the handover of power , the official spa news agency reported tuesday  .
percent higher tuesday , shaking off overseas malaise to close in positive territory , with the market 's leading stocks showing the way , dealers said  .
new zealand cricket -lrb- nzc -rrb- put aside security threats tuesday to confirm it would tour pakistan this month , but a week later than originally scheduled  .
indonesia 's two largest islamic groups are spearheading a national anti-corruption campaign to counter an alarming degree of public apathy towards graft , muslim leaders said tuesday  .
kevan barlow raced  yards for a score and fred beasley scored on -yard touchdown toss as the san francisco ers posted a - national football league triumph over the pittsburgh steelers on monday  .
president gloria arroyo said tuesday that philippine troops stationed in iraq would be pulled out swiftly if the security situation threatened their safety  .
percent lower in modest trade tuesday , extending their losses after a further downturn on wall street overnight and a foreign investor sell-off , dealers said  .
adam oates , one of the nhl 's top playmakers has signed a one-year contract with the edmonton oilers  .
an increasingly energy hungry china was warned tuesday it must strengthen measures to minimize accidents highlighted by a major oil spill on shanghai 's huangpu river this year  .
britain 's sovereignty over remote pitcairn island in the middle of the pacific ocean was challenged in court here tuesday by a lawyer representing several islanders facing sex charges , including rape and indecent assault  .
australia ended new zealand 's world cup campaign in the semi-finals because they were  on the night than the all blacks , flyhalf carlos spencer said here on tuesday  .
president gloria arroyo said tuesday that philippine troops stationed in iraq would be pulled out swiftly if the security situation threatened their safety  .
wellington , nov  -lrb- afp -rrb- - two new zealand scientists were credited tuesday with inventing a label that traces the ripening of fruit so shoppers can choose whether to buy produce that is ready to eat immediately or in a few days  .
iranian foreign minister kamal kharazi has offered renewed assurances to visiting iraqi governing council chairman jalal talabani that iran will not not interfere in iraq 's affairs , the state news agency irna said tuesday  .
canadian steve nash recorded his first career triple-double as the dallas mavericks placed five in double figures en route to a - triumph over the portland trail blazers  .
un secretary general kofi annan on tuesday asked wealthy nations to donate three billion dollars in  to save  million lives in  countries  .
a soldier from the us st armoured division patrolling the baghdad region has died of a `` non-hostile gunshot wound '' , coalition ground forces said tuesday  .
authorities in the violence-hit northeast indian states of assam and bihar urged calm tuesday after around  people were injured ethnic clashes between people of the two provinces  .
indian deputy prime minister lal krishna advani tuesday defended a cabinet colleague who resigned after allegedly accepting a bribe  .
percent year-on-year , its fastest pace in six months , to breach the  billion ringgit -lrb-  .
billion dollars -rrb- mark for the first time in three years , economists said tuesday  .
vodafone reported tuesday a -percent rise in six-month profit driven by strong customer growth and raised its cash return to shareholders with a sweetened dividend and share buyback program  .
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld branded north korea `` evil '' tuesday for spending money on weapons while starving its people  .
pakistan 's powerful islamist political alliance on tuesday defied a new government ban on renamed militant groups and vowed to support a banned shiite organization within its alliance  .
indonesian buses , trains , planes and ships are expected to carry almost  million passengers before and after this month 's eid al-fitr holiday marking the end of ramadan , a minister said tuesday  .
manchester united manager alex ferguson is sueing his club 's biggest shareholders in a row over the ownership of a record-breaking racehorse  .
hong kong and chinese officials will sign a memorandum of understanding permitting individuals to conduct yuan denominated business in the territory from january next year , hong kong leader tung chee-hwa said tuesday  .
pakistani police said tuesday they have launched a hunt for an  whose threatening message to new zealand cricketers jeopardised their tour to pakistan  .
percent lower tuesday as investors sold off existing stocks to buy newly listed china yangtze power co .
eight palestinians were wounded early tuesday as israeli troops backed by helicopters staged an incursion into the southern gaza strip town of rafah , palestinian security and medical sources said  .
martin johnson is england 's standard-bearer on the field his predecessor as skipper lawrence dallaglio said here on tuesday  .
sri lanka 's squabbling president and prime minister tuesday named a panel of officials to work out differences between the two of them on `` national issues , '' a joint statement said  .
japanese electronics makers casio and hitachi announced an agreement tuesday to tie up in the development and production of mobile phones at home and overseas  .
shares of china yangtze power co , the listing arm of china 's massive three gorges dam project , closed up nearly  percent percent on their trading debut on the shanghai stock exchange tuesday  .
hong kong gold prices closed lower on tuesday at  .
us dollars an ounce compared with the previous day 's closing rate of  .
england are n't in the world cup final just to wipe the smile off the faces of their opponents australia , no .
a sudanese cargo plane exploded while preparing to land at wau airport in southern sudan , killing all  people aboard , omdurman radio reported tuesday  .
england captain michael vaughan won the toss and elected to bat in the first one-day international against sri lanka here on tuesday  .
nick farr-jones , who skippered australia to the world cup over england in the  twickenham final , says england are right to pitch their game on getting jonny wilkinson into kicking positions  .
the troubled german holding company wcm has received an offer for its  .
-percent stake in commerzbank at slightly above the price it originally paid , wcm chairman roland flach said in a newspaper interview tuesday , igniting speculation about a possible takeover of the bank  .
a sudanese cargo plane exploded while preparing to land at wau airport in southern sudan , killing all  aboard , state-run omdurman radio  tuesday  .
us secretary of state colin powell arrived in brussels tuesday for talks with his european union counterparts likely to be dominated by iraq and iran  .
hundreds of thousands of italians lined the streets of rome to pay their last respects tuesday to the  victims of the nasiriyah bombing as their coffins wrapped in the national flag were borne through the city in a slow moving cortege of military trucks  .
england fly-half star jonny wilkinson has revealed the england soccer captain david beckham has been calling regularly on his cell phone during the rugby world cup to offer encouragement  .
british no-frills airline easyjet said tuesday it had won a seven-percent increase in annual pre-tax profits despite challenges such as the global economic downturn and the iraq war  .
bayern munich and germany 's opinionated captain oliver kahn has vowed to cut down on his outbursts in the media claiming he needs to focus on his goalkeeping duties  .
test paceman jason gillespie made an encouraging comeback after injury here tuesday , capturing two wickets as a strong new south wales side collapsed for  in a sheffield shield game  .
epcos , the german maker of electronic components , said its new business year , begun in october , had got off to a good start after it managed to return to profit last year  .
england football superstar david beckham has provided welcome relief for england 's talismanic kicker jonny wilkinson during the world cup , the latter revealed on tuesday  .
us auto giant general motors -lrb- gm -rrb- tuesday introduced its environmentally-friendly fuel cell technology to china , hoping to sound out the government on a multi-billion dollar commitment to set up infrastructure for the fledgling technology  .
china said tuesday it is preparing legislation to ban tobacco advertising after it signed on to a united nations anti-smoking treaty that is likely to hit the nation 's tobacco producers hard  .
iraq 's interim leadership is to seek a fresh un resolution endorsing the new swifter , handover of power agreed with the us-led coalition , a senior official here said tuesday  .
ethiopia is seeking united nations help in marketing its grain and coffee to improve competitiveness in the global market , a government official said late monday  .
taiwan said tuesday it had lodged a protest against the top us envoy to taipei for allegedly calling the island 's decision to buy eight conventional submarines `` silly ''  .
british-based mobile phone giant vodafone reported tuesday a -percent rise in six-month profits driven by strong customer growth , results the company hailed as `` outstanding ''  .
bangladesh put another , police on the streets of dhaka and stepped up security in other major cities ahead of the upcoming muslim festival eid al-fitr , an official said tuesday  .
australian captain ricky ponting won the toss and elected to bat against india in the tri-series one-day cricket final before some , fans at the eden gardens here on tuesday  .
test paceman jason gillespie made an encouraging comeback after injury here tuesday , capturing two wickets as a strong new south wales side collapsed for  in a sheffield shield game  .
hong kong and china will sign a breakthrough agreement allowing local banks to offer yuan-denominated services to individuals in the territory , hong kong leader tung chee-hwa said tuesday  .
turkish foreign minister abdullah gul said tuesday that clues uncovered in the investigation of the istanbul synagogue bombings suggest a link with the al-qaeda network  .
the british government will sponsor a two-day conference in jordan in december on the reconstruction of war-torn iraq and business opportunities in the occupied country , according to organisers  .
malaysian share prices closed marginally higher tuesday in mixed and volatile trade amid a general lack of leads , dealers said  .
marschollek , lautenschlaeger und partner , a leading german private finance group , said tuesday that it was sticking to its full-year profit forecasts after earnings surged in the third quarter  .
new regional carrier athena air services on tuesday launched flights from malaysia 's senai airport to jakarta and surabaya , the airport 's operator said  .
bangladeshi lawmakers failed to find a wheelchair , a stretcher or even the parliament 's ambulance after an mp passed out during the session , a government minister said tuesday  .
turkish foreign minister abdullah gul said tuesday that clues uncovered in the investigation into the istanbul synagogue bombings suggest a link with the al-qaeda network  .
percent lower tuesday with most investors hesitant to take positions before the week-long eid al-fitr holidays starting next monday , dealers said  .
sheikh ali bin   , a well-known saudi cleric who aired extremist views , has repented and withdrawn religious edicts and support for  al-qaeda suspects following a deadly suicide bombing in riyadh  .
percent higher tuesday as bank shares were boosted by news in mid-afternoon that the city 's banks will soon be able to offer personal yuan banking services , dealers said  .
aston villa outcast mustapha hadji has revealed his interest in a move to german club hertha berlin after being deemed surplus to requirements at villa park  .
us forces let loose a new barrage of fire in the northern flashpoint town of tikrit overnight , which a spokesman said tuesday aimed to demonstrate the trooops ' capabilities  .
british foreign secretary jack straw had strong words tuesday for european  who he said were indulging in `` gratuitous and condescending criticism '' of the united states , a country that was `` absolutely critical to our security and prosperity  .
european stock markets gained in early trade on tuesday despite yet another fall on wall street as investors chose to take succor from a late pull-back of us losses and some positive company news  .
us troops killed five `` international terrorists '' during a clash with militants in insurgency-hit southeast afghanistan , a us military spokesman said on tuesday  .
honiara , nov  -lrb- afp -rrb- a solomon islands cabinet minister appeared in court here tuesday charged with assaulting a new zealand policewomen and causing actual bodily harm , court officials said  .
president gloria arroyo said tuesday that philippine troops stationed in iraq would be pulled out swiftly if the security situation threatened their safety  .
at least  separatist rebels were killed in a clash between two rival groups in india 's restive northeastern state of manipur , officials said tuesday  .
the bank of china , one of the country 's four big state banks , opened retail gold trade services in shanghai tuesday , state press reported  .
ling ling , the only giant panda at tokyo 's ueno zoo , will try his luck in the mating game on his home turf after failing to impregnate female pandas in mexico city on three missions in the past three years  .
the european union called on israel tuesday to stop building a security fence along the west bank warning it would only worsen the plight of the palestinians  .
percent lower tuesday with most investors hesitant to take positions before the week-long eid al-fitr holidays starting next monday , dealers said  .
myanmar 's pro-democracy parties called tuesday on the military government to begin a sincere dialogue on political reform , saying it was the only path to peace and national reconciliation in the country  .
olympic champions serbia and montenegro and european silver medallists france faced unexpectedly tough african challenges in the world cup men 's volleyball tournament on tuesday  .
under rainy leaden skies , jews came together in a high-walled cemetery in istanbul on tuesday to bury six victims of the bomb attacks that tore through two synagogues in the ancient city at the weekend  .
russia on tuesday criticised the united states ' `` excessive '' tendency to use force and said the violence raging in iraq had confirmed it was right in opposing the us-led toppling of saddam hussein  .
on , germany 's biggest power supplier , said tuesday it has sold its  .
-percent stake in the  regional utility  to rival firm ewe for  million euros -lrb-  million dollars -rrb-  .
dresdner bank , the banking arm of insurance giant allianz , is reviewing various options for its latin american unit dresdner bank  ag -lrb-  -rrb- unit , a spokesman said on tuesday  .
percent tuesday as investors stood on the sidelines waiting for a clear stance from regulators who are adjusting trade rules to curb speculation , analysts said  .
iraq 's interim leadership said tuesday that it would seek un endorsement of the new swifter handover of power agreed with the us-led coalition , as us troops pounded home the message that there would be no let-up in their battle against the resistance  .
finland 's flag carrier finnair reported on tuesday a return to profit in the third quarter , but maintained that its full-year result would remain in red because of the overall weak economic outlook  .
the new leader of britain 's main opposition conservatives , michael howard , set out his stall in front of sceptical business leaders here tuesday , accusing the labor government of suffocating companies with excessive regulations  .
work resumed tuesday at the saint-nazaire shipyard in western france where on saturday  people were killed in an accident on the newly-built passenger liner the queen mary   .
the french current balance of payments surplus was halved in the first nine months of the year to  .
billion dollars -rrb- , the bank of france said on tuesday  .
malaysian share prices closed marginally higher tuesday in mixed and volatile trade amid a general lack of leads , dealers said  .
south african president thabo mbeki was tuesday due to meet french prime minister jean-pierre raffarin and address france 's lower-house national assembly on day two of his three-day state visit  .
two veterans of armed basque separatist group eta , one a former priest , have received long jail terms for their involvement in the  killing of three policemen , judicial sources said tuesday  .
two israelis killed by a palestinian gunman at a military checkpoint early tuesday in the southern west bank were soldiers , the commanding officer of israeli forces in the west bank said  .
four thai muslims accused of belonging to the jemaah islamiyah -lrb- ji -rrb- terrorist group and plotting attacks on foreign embassies and tourist spots in thailand went on trial here tuesday , officials said  .
british luxury goods retailer burberry reported tuesday a -percent rise in pre-tax profits over the past six months as the company 's famous  goods continued their global march  .
swiss farmers will once more be allowed to export cows to the european union , the government said tuesday , following a decision by ministers from the -nation bloc to lift a ban imposed when the mad cow crisis erupted in   .
more than , supporters of georgia 's president eduard shevardnadze marched on the parliament building in the capital tuesday in a rally intended as a counterweight to opposition calls for him to resign  .
percent lower tuesday on profit booking as expected foreign fund buying failed to materialise , brokers said  .
norwegian police have opened an inquiry into a serb refugee living in norway whose extradition croatia has sought after convicting him of warcrimes , the justice ministry said tuesday  .
rubber prices in singapore were lower tuesday on higher volumes , dealers said  .
the pilot of a german airliner accidently set off a major security alert in the skies over rome on tuesday during preparations to land at ciampino airport as a tense italy buried its dead from the nasiriyah bombing  .
inflation in zimbabwe gained more than  points last month and now stands at a record annual rate of  .
the wife of a french tv cameraman who  during the iraq war expressed disappointment tuesday after us secretary of state colin powell refused to meet her personally to discuss the issue  .
fears that britain 's economy could be overheating were allayed slightly tuesday as official figures showed that annual underlying inflation fell to a  low of  .
the world health organisation confirmed tuesday that  people who died recently in northwestern congo had been infected with the ebola virus and  more people were under surveillance in case they developed the highly infectious disease  .
thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra demanded in a cabinet meeting tuesday that the stock exchange of thailand -lrb- set -rrb- seek measures to curb share trading manipulation , government spokesman sita  said  .
britain and the united states have agreed to launch a review of how to boost transatlantic trade by tearing down barriers , british chancellor of the exchequer gordon brown announced tuesday  .
the european union complained tuesday at the lack of any progress in a long-running dispute with israel over trade in goods made by settlers living on occupied palestinian land  .
pakistan on tuesday announced a revised itinerary for the new zealand cricket tour after postponing the series by one week in the wake of threats of violence  .
ireland dispatched a -strong advance party to liberia on tuesday to pave the way for the deployment of a un peacekeeping force in the war-shattered west african state  .
vfb stuttgart coach felix magath has revealed that he will try and sign kaiserslautern striker miroslav klose should the club lose the services of star marksman kevin kuranyi  .
just days after the deadly synagogue attacks in istanbul , the city 's main courthouse was the scene of a dramatic but brief hostage drama on tuesday as kurdish protestors held several judges captive before being overpowered by turkish riot police  .
opec member kuwait is likely to  a major contract aimed at boosting its oil export capacity to three million barrels per day -lrb- bpd -rrb- , a senior executive said in comments published tuesday  .
percent tuesday as investors stood on the sidelines waiting for a clear stance from regulators who are adjusting trade rules to curb speculation , analysts said  .
pakistan 's powerful islamist alliance defied tuesday a  groups fighting indian rule in kashmir , and  , formerly violent sunni muslim outfit  , were also banned saturday  .
british demonstrators angry at anglo-american policy over iraq said they will topple thursday a giant home-made statue of george w .
bush in london 's trafalgar square during a protest march against his three-day state visit  .
asian stock markets rebounded modestly on tuesday as investors went bargain-hunting on dips after losses on wall street amid terrorism concerns  .
the un refugee agency is suspending aid for afghan refugees returning home from pakistan following the killing of a french staff member in south-eastern afghanistan , a spokesman said on tuesday  .
portugal 's cash-strapped government will open a tender tuesday for the sale of its -percent stake in mining firm  , which operates europe 's largest copper mine , as part of a privatization drive  .
oil prices fell further in somewhat featureless trading on tuesday , despite continued nervousness about the possibility of further terrorist attacks  .
aston villa outcast mustapha hadji is on trial at german club hertha berlin as he looks to win a move from villa park having fallen out of favor under manager david o'leary  .
the sale of the renowned la fayette collection of classic french stamp errors fetched  .
million euros and broke two world records , organisers said tuesday  .
india 's ruling hindu nationalists tuesday opened their regional election campaign on the defensive about corruption after a cabinet member resigned for allegedly accepting a bribe  .
england crashed against a steady sri lanka attack to be shot out for their second-lowest total in the first one-day international here on tuesday  .
the amount of undeclared earnings in lithuania accounts for between  .
percent of the baltic country 's gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- , the national department of statistics said on tuesday  .
percent a the previous month , slovenia 's statistical office reported on tuesday  .
world champions australia made - from  overs after electing to bat in the tri-series final against india in front of some , fans at the eden gardens here on tuesday  .
the trial of  people accused of negligence in the fire that killed  people in november  in a mountain train in a tunnel in the austrian alps resumed in salzburg tuesday after a year-long suspension  .
a firm which until recently managed ukraine 's internet services plans to contest a court ruling approving the government 's transfer of internet management to the security services , the interfax news agency reported tuesday  .
the supreme court on tuesday affirmed with finality its decision awarding to the philippine government nearly  million dollars in swiss bank funds formerly controlled by the late dictator ferdinand marcos  .
a new delhi court tuesday ordered the city to speed up the deportation of bangladeshis who live illegally in the indian capital  .
estonia was teetering on the brink of a government crisis after prime minister juhan parts told junior coalition partner the people 's union on tuesday that it had  hours to withdraw its protest against the government budget plan  .
hundreds of taxis blocked central warsaw on tuesday in their latest protest against measures requiring them to install new meters designed to keep better tabs on their income  .
three men faced a berlin court tuesday charged with illegally bringing  east european women into germany allegedly to serve as prostitutes for the rich and famous  .
india restricted world champions australia to - from  overs despite dropping five catches in the tri-series one-day final at the overflowing eden gardens here on tuesday  .
bush left for britain early tuesday , where he will hold urgent talks on iraq with prime minister tony blair and become the first us president ever to make a state visit to the country , officials said  .
bush left for britain early tuesday , where he will hold urgent talks on iraq with prime minister tony blair and become the first us president ever to make a state visit to the country  .
bush 's visit to britain ought to speak up and make their voices heard alongside those of protesters , british prime minister tony blair 's spokesman said tuesday  .
pakistan 's latest anti-extremist drive has resulted in the closure of more than  offices of militant organizations banned at the weekend , but no arrests , senior officials said tuesday  .
percent the previous month , official eu figures released tuesday showed  .
heavy firing and explosions were heard tuesday near the headquarters of the indian army in kashmir 's summer capital srinagar , witnesses said  .
once a separatist guerrilla renowned for his marksmanship ,  will stand thursday for another term leading the northeastern indian state of mizoram as an ally of new delhi and an advocate of peace through dialogue  .
israeli fighter bombers violated southern lebanese airspace tuesday for the second time in three days , sending hezbollah anti-aircraft guns into action , police said  .
three anti-globalisation protestors , detained for alleged rioting during an eu summit in northern greece last june , have been hospitalised in athens as their health deteriorated after more than one month on hunger strike , medical sources said tuesday  .
thailand 's bid to qualify for next year 's asian cup finally got off the ground here after three false starts with a - win over hong kong  .
a group of  iraqi refugees arrived home tuesday after  years in exile at a desert camp in saudi arabia , the un high commissioner for refugees -lrb- unhcr -rrb- said  .
borislav jovic , the last president of federal yugoslavia before its break-up , told the un war crimes court here tuesday that slobodan milosevic had `` absolute authority '' in serbia during the s  .
germany 's governing party tuesday issued a thinly-veiled criticism of us tactics on iraq , voicing its `` deep concern '' over the consequences of the war to oust saddam hussein  .
israeli parliamentary speaker reuven rivlin said tuesday that suspected bombers involved in the istanbul synagogue attacks were turkish nationals with links to afghanistan and iran  .
us inflation at the consumer level was in check in october , the government said tuesday , reporting the consumer price index unchanged while the core rate , excluding food and energy , was up  .
norwegian police have opened an inquiry into a serb refugee living in norway croatia wants extradited after convicting him of war crimes , the justice ministry said tuesday  .
wales manager mark hughes must decide just how adventurous he is going to be as he prepares his side for the country 's most important match in  years  .
sri lanka dismissed england for their second-lowest total of  to win the first one-day international by  wickets here on tuesday  .
israeli foreign minister silvan  invited his belgian counterpart tuesday to visit israel , as the two men sought to put behind them a two-year chill sparked by a controversial belgian law  .
islamic rebels attacked tuesday a police camp near the headquarters of the indian army in kashmir 's summer capital srinagar , setting off a fierce gun battle , officials and witnesses said  .
spain coach inaki saez risks his job when his side defends a - lead over norway in their euro  play-off here wednesday  .
scotland 's  world rally champion colin mcrae will fulfil a lifetime dream when he competes in the paris-dakar rally for the first time next year  .
work resumed tuesday at the saint-nazaire shipyard in western france where on saturday  people were killed in an accident on the newly-built passenger liner the queen mary   .
home depot 's quarterly earnings jumped  percent from a year ago to  .
billion dollars , the home-improvement retailer said tuesday , beating the wall street forecast  .
iraq 's interim leadership said tuesday it will seek un endorsement of the new swifter handover of power agreed with the us-led coalition , as us troops pounded home the message of no let-up in their battle against the resistance  .
turkish police stormed istanbul 's main courthouse on tuesday to end a siege by about  kurdish protestors demanding the release of jailed kurdish rebel leader abdullah ocalan  .
in a historic meeting aimed at reconciling a decades-old split in the russian orthodox church , patriarch alexy ii met tuesday with church representatives from abroad  .
us stocks regained footing at tuesday 's open after losses in six of the past seven sessions , as a strong profit and earnings outlook from home depot and a broker upgrade of general electric improved sentiment  .
danish prime minister anders fogh rasmussen on tuesday urged the international community to get involved in the stabilization and reconstruction of iraq and to help combat terrorism and fundamentalism  .
an armenian court tuesday sentenced the brother of a slain opposition leader to  years in prison for ordering last year 's murder of armenia 's state media committee chief  .
london 's mayor ken livingstone voiced support tuesday for protests against us president george w .
bush 's state visit to britain this week , but urged demonstrators to avoid violence  .
two veterans of armed basque separatist group eta , one a former priest , have received long jail terms for their involvement in the  killing of three policemen , court sources said tuesday  .
the un refugee agency tuesday withdrew foreign staff from insurgency-hit southern and eastern afghanistan and halted aid to refugees returning from pakistan following the murder of a french un worker by suspected taliban  .
the number of companies that go bankrupt in germany next year will reach a new record of around , , the credit insurer  hermes  predicted on tuesday  .
chelsea captain marcel desailly insisted tuesday that nothing would persuade him to stay on at stamford bridge after his contract finished in   .
interior minister giuseppe pisanu has ordered the expulsion of seven north africans suspected of links with islamic extremism , the ministry said tuesday , amid heightened security in italy following the bombing of its troops in iraq  .
hertha berlin defender arne friedrich has confirmed that bayern munich have made an enquiry about his services and revealed that his future would be decided in the winter break  .
in another sign of fallout from the mutual fund scandals , pension giant calpers has announced it is withdrawing some  .
billion dollars from fund giant putnam investment management  .
fortum , finland 's state-controlled energy group , on tuesday went ahead with a controversial decision to take a -percent stake in a new nuclear reactor , set to become operational by the end of the decade  .
egyptians will vote on december  to elect new lawmakers in  seats after several parliamentary deputies were forced to resign following the discovery they had skipped military service , the interior ministry said on tuesday  .
the supreme court of massachusetts issued a landmark ruling tuesday in favor of gay marriage , arguing that barring gay couples from the  of civil marriage was `` unconstitutional  .
israel 's defense minister shaul mofaz voiced scepticism tuesday about the chances of the new palestinian government acting against the armed factions with veteran leader yasser arafat retaining control of the security services  .
the head of mozambique 's national electoral commission appealed tuesday for the southeast african country 's municipal elections to be held in a spirit of peace and harmony  .
us secretary of state colin powell said tuesday the united states was being `` tested '' in iraq but  to win a war pitting american forces against insurgents  .
the un refugee agency tuesday withdrew foreign staff from insurgency-hit southern and eastern afghanistan and halted aid to refugees returning from pakistan following the murder of a french un worker by suspected taliban  .
us conglomerate honeywell said tuesday it won a four million dollar contract for automation systems for oilfield operations in china  .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei is to travel to gaza city wednesday for talks with armed factions as part of a campaign designed to secure a halt to anti-israeli attacks , aides said  .
four russian tourists and two egyptians were killed tuesday in a road accident near the red sea resort of hurghada , police said  .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei is to travel to gaza city wednesday for talks with armed factions as part of a campaign designed to secure a halt to anti-israeli attacks , sources close to the premier said  .
from rwanda to afghanistan bettina goislard , the young french woman murdered on sunday by suspected taliban , was a `` tireless '' aid worker , according to tributes from senior officials at the un refugee agency -lrb- unhcr -rrb-  .
spanish economic growth is on course to meet the government 's  .
percent forecast for  but might fall short of an expectation for  of  .
percent , the international monetary fund said tuesday while also warning about booming housing prices  .
russian prime minister mikhail kasyanov will visit tokyo next month for talks with japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi and other top officials , japan 's embassy in moscow said on tuesday  .
reinsurance giant munich re said tuesday it was selling  .
million shares in german insurer allianz in a move that analysts said could help restore munich re 's credit rating  .
foreign minister ahmed maher dismissed  remarks by a leading right-wing israeli member of parliament as carrying `` no weight  .
in a landmark ruling likely to spark a divisive national debate , the massachusetts supreme court declared tuesday that barring gay and lesbian couples from marrying was `` unconstitutional  .
iraqi shiite officials accused us forces on tuesday of allegedly killing three people and wounding four others after opening fire in the shiite-populated baghdad district of sadr city  .
orders placed with companies in the german manufacturing sector rose more sharply than originally thought in september , revised data published by the bundesbank on tuesday showed  .
united nations police in kosovo said tuesday they had arrested three people in a massive operation to tackle a suspected organised crime network  .
the austrian government said tuesday it was to protest plans by the czech republic to expand a controversial nuclear plant that lies just  kilometres -lrb-  miles -rrb- across the border from austria  .
the authorities in strasbourg , eastern france , have threatened to rescind a building permit for a new city mosque if muslim leaders there fail to fulfil a number of `` republican '' principles  .
livorno have received a one-match stadium ban as punishment for the behavior of a section of their fans who taunted the carabinieri police on sunday after a minute 's silence in memory of the  italian victims of the nasiriyah bombing  .
us secretary of state colin powell said tuesday he hoped that un chief kofi annan would appoint a new special envoy to iraq soon , to help speed the transfer of power to iraqis  .
a us trade panel has ruled that american textile makers have been hurt by a flood of subsidized chinese imports , opening the door to quotas or other barriers , officials said tuesday  .
islamic jihad is ready to meet with palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei and discuss a suspension of suicide bombings , the hardline group 's leader told afp tuesday  .
prime minister jean chretien announced tuesday he will leave office on december  , allowing prime minister-designate paul martin to ascend to the office  .
india 's election commission threatened tuesday to bar the main opposition congress party from upcoming regional elections over its leader sonia gandhi 's use of an official helicopter for campaigning  .
canadian and us diplomats tuesday officially handed over voter registration kits to afghan election officials who are preparing for next year 's presidential polls  .
the united states on tuesday condemed maoist rebels in nepal following the assassination of the most senior military officer to be killed during a seven-year insurgency  .
ryan giggs was on tuesday cleared to play for wales by uefa , european football 's governing body , in their crucial euro  play-off against russia in cardiff on wednesday  .
serbia 's ruling dos coalition will meet for possibly the last time tuesday night after its humiliating failure in the weekend 's aborted presidential election , a top official said  .
moldova tuesday welcomed a plan proposed by russia settle the simmering conflict between chisinau and its breakaway region of transdniestr  .
un secretary general kofi annan on tuesday launched an international appeal to raise three billion dollars to save  million people whose lives are threatened by war and natural disasters  .
a us trade panel has ruled that american textile makers have been hurt by a flood of subsidized chinese imports , opening the door to quotas or other barriers , officials said tuesday  .
in a bid to improve his country 's democratic credentials to enable it to join the european union , president stipe mesic of croatia said tuesday all citizens were free to return home and recover the assets they abandoned in the - war leading to nationhood  .
ryan giggs was on tuesday cleared by uefa to play for wales in their crucial euro  play-off against russia in cardiff on wednesday  .
turkey 's broadcasting watchdog rtuk on tuesday gave the green light for radio and television stations to air programs in the kurdish language , a key reform required by the european union which ankara is seeking to join  .
foreign minister ahmed maher on tuesday dismissed a leading israeli politician 's rejection of egyptian efforts to secure a truce with the palestinians and expressed new hope for reviving the peace process  .
the ukrainian parliament tuesday passed the first reading of a bill banning publication -- including on the internet -- of anything that promotes terrorism , the overthrow of the state or damages an individual 's reputation  .
in a landmark ruling likely to spark a divisive national debate , the massachusetts supreme court declared tuesday that barring gay and lesbian couples from marrying was `` unconstitutional  .
oil prices nudged upwards on tuesday in largely directionless trading as a spate of profit-taking ran out of steam and traders began pondering upcoming weekly data for us energy stocks  .
the organisation for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- urged albania on sunday to halt political infighting , warning it could jeopardize the country 's integration with the european union  .
the european commission called on germany tuesday to cut its public deficit to below the  ceiling set by strict eurozone budget rules by  and by more than so far planned next year  .
world champions australia defeated india by  runs in the final of the triangular one-day cricket series at the eden gardens here on tuesday  .
germany wants to reach a common solution with the european commission on bringing its public deficit back into line with eu limits , finance minister hans eichel said tuesday  .
britain 's sports minister richard caborn , in sydney for saturday 's world cup final between australia and england , has been summoned home for a crucial parliamentary vote on health service reform , the government said tuesday  .
india 's ruling hindu nationalists tuesday opened their regional election campaign on the defensive about corruption after a cabinet member resigned for allegedly accepting a bribe  .
several thousand people gathered in the eastern croatian town of vukovar on tuesday to commemorate the th anniversary of its fall to serb forces at the outbreak of the - conflict  .
germany wants to reach a common solution with the european commission on bringing its public deficit back into line with eu limits , finance minister hans eichel said tuesday  .
us shares struggled higher tuesday after an upbeat outlook from home depot and an upgrade of general electric helped wall street attempt to pull out of a tailspin that has seen losses in six of the prior seven sessions  .
a series of powerful explosions was heard late tuesday in the iraqi capital , afp correspondents reported  .
danish tycoon maersk mc-kinney moeller on tuesday said he will resign next month as chairman of a .
moeller-maersk , the company founded by his father , at the ripe old age of   .
european stock markets turned in a mixed performance on tuesday , with the london ftse  index gaining  .
european commission president romano prodi promised tuesday to shake up his administration following reported financial improprieties at the agency that provides key data for the european union 's economic and social planning  .
the struggling italian automaker fiat auto has been given a shot in the arm with the designation of its panda model as car of the year for   .
the european court of human rights tuesday heard  catalans who alleged that spanish officials tortured them in prison after they were arrested in a sweep against `` terrorism  .
four staff working for a swiss-based international aid agency have gone missing in western sudan 's troubled darfur region , the organization ,  , said on tuesday  .
wto chief supachai panitchpakdi warned of `` danger '' tuesday if countries failed to commit themselves to making progress before a key meeting december  to revive global trade talks , while the european union indicated more time might be needed to achieve real headway  .
a deafening salvo of nearly  rounds from a  launcher was heard across iraq 's capital late tuesday , hot on the heels of an initial barrage of heavy weapons fire , afp correspondents reported  .
iraqi police tuesday arrested four suspected islamic militants as they prepared to fire mortar rounds at a us base near the northern oil center of kirkuk , a city official said  .
russian premier league side kazan , who finished third in their first season in the first division , signed two czech footballers from slavia prague for two million euros , the club reported tuesday  .
four hindi-speaking people were killed tuesday as separatist rebels in india 's northeastern state of assam mounted pressure on migrant workers to leave the region , the police said  .
a truth and reconciliation commission -lrb- trc -rrb- set up to investigate sierra leone 's brutal -year civil war said tuesday it would present its final report in january  .
leeds midfielder jody morris was on tuesday rearrested by police investigating an alleged serious sex assault  .
britain tuesday threw its heavyweight backing behind demands by poland to retain a powerful say in eu decision-making in the bloc 's first constitution  .
the popular front for the liberation of palestine-general command -lrb- pflp-gc -rrb- claimed responsibility for a west bank attack tuesday in which two israeli soldiers were killed , in a statement received here  .
arnold schwarzenegger tuesday began governing california with a ``  '' legislative attack on the state 's gaping deficit and boosting its business climate  .
croatian prime minister ivica racan hailed the un war crimes court 's indictment tuesday of croatian serb leader milan babic over atrocities against croats between  and   .
british national pride took a blow tuesday just ahead of president george w .
bush 's arrival in britain with the news that the makers of one of the nation 's favorite breakfast cereals is being bought by a us group  .
the popular front for the liberation of palestine-general command -lrb- pflp-gc -rrb- claimed responsibility for a west bank attack tuesday in which two israeli soldiers were killed , in a statement received here  .
a daughter of us vice president dick cheney plans to quit her government job with the state department in december , where she worked on middle east affairs , to join the political campaign seeking to reelect her father and president george w .
a deafening salvo of nearly  rounds of air-launched cannon fire was heard across the iraqi capital late tuesday , hot on the heels of an initial barrage of heavy weapons fire , afp correspondents reported  .
greek and french officials denied tuesday that athens  olympics organisers athoc wanted to scrap french signs in the games ' venues to cut the ballooning costs of staging the games  .
former finance minister paul martin will take over as canada 's prime minister on december  , outgoing prime minister jean chretien announced tuesday  .
tens of thousands of italians were to march against terrorism on wednesday in three cities in tuscany at the center of recent police operations to counter a resurgence of left-wing extremism  .
paris , nov  -lrb- afp -rrb- - french airline air france , which is preparing an alliance with dutch carrier klm , reported a fall in quarterly profits tuesday and said it was stepping up measures to cust costs in order to meet its full-year  performance target  .
wada president dick pound said tuesday that football 's world governing body fifa is finally set to accept the world anti-doping agency 's new anti-doping code  .
all-rounders michael clarke and ian harvey were unlikely stars in australia 's -run win over india in the triangular one-day cricket series final here on tuesday  .
germany 's jewish community has asked an animal rights group to drop a poster campaign with photographs from a slaughterhouse and nazi death camps and a caption that refers to the `` holocaust in your plate ''  .
us secretary of state colin powell left brussels tuesday bound for london to join president george w .
bush on a state visit to britain , an airport spokesman said  .
the thunder of hooves will replace the clatter of studs at the stade de france if a daring scheme to hold a one-off race meeting at the  world cup venue becomes reality  .
the syrian and lebanese presidents bashar al-assad and emile lahoud held coordination talks here tuesday amid threats from israel and the united states , the syrian news agency sana reported  .
the french medical charity medecins sans frontieres -lrb- msf -rrb- , on tuesday warned of increased risk of malaria in southern sudan because of heavy rains following on a severe drought  .
bosnia 's hopes of concluding an agreement with the eu in  that would bring full european integration a step closer were given a boost on tuesday when the european commission , the block 's executive , approved a crucial feasibility study  .
the us economy may be on the verge of a sustainable expansion , robert parry , the president of the san francisco federal reserve bank , said tuesday  .
injured ac milan striker filippo inzaghi said tuesday he was hoping to be fit in time for his side 's crunch champions league first phase match away to ajax next week  .
in a landmark ruling likely to spark a divisive national debate , the massachusetts supreme court declared tuesday that barring gay and lesbian couples from marrying was `` unconstitutional  .
monaco coach didier deschamps on tuesday had a request for their league match against lens on saturday to be switched to friday night turned down by a french league appeals committee  .
european stock markets limped lower as the strength of the euro and a lacklustre opening on wall street kept investors from putting money into stocks  .
south african president thabo mbeki on tuesday called on the developed world to work with african nations to help the world 's poorest continent along the path to democracy and economic prosperity  .
wto chief supachai panitchpakdi warned of `` danger '' tuesday if countries failed to commit themselves to making progress before a meeting on december  to revive global trade talks , while the european union indicated more time might be needed to achieve real headway  .
police and prosecutors on tuesday launched a search raid on pop icon michael jackson 's ranch `` neverland '' in california , officers said , declining to give the reason for the swoop  .
the euro surged to a five-month high against the dollar here tuesday , taking advantage of a us currency weakened by news that washington might slap restrictions on chinese textile imports  .
the presidents of kenya , tanzania and uganda are to sign a customs pact at the end of the month , a major step towards economic integration of the region , an official said tuesday  .
the presidents of kenya , tanzania and uganda are to sign a customs pact at the end of the month , a major step towards economic integration of the region , an official said tuesday  .
the greek government unveiled a  budget bill tuesday marked by booming growth fuelled by record public investment in preparations for the upcoming olympic games  .
israeli foreign minister silvan shalom said tuesday that construction of a security fence along the west bank could come to a halt if peace were to be reached between the jewish state and the palestinians  .
the un world food program -lrb- wfp -rrb- said tuesday it has negotiated contracts for enough food to keep feeding much of the iraqi population until june despite the ending of the oil-for-food program that has shielded millions from hunger since   .
india 's fast bowler  salvi has been ruled out of the upcoming tour of australia due to a shoulder injury , the cricket board announced here on tuesday  .
us secretary of state colin powell rejected tuesday a european union proposal to deal with iran 's suspect nuclear program as `` just deficient ''  .
serbia and montenegro needs to entrench political stability to attract much-needed investment , international donors said tuesday in the wake of an abortive presidential election in serbia at the weekend  .
police and prosecutors ' investigators on tuesday swooped on pop icon michael jackson 's `` neverland '' ranch in california , officers said , declining to give the reason for the search  .
liberia 's interim chairman gyude bryant was to continue his fence-mending  will come from the other side into liberia either , '' he said after meeting gbagbo in the ivorian economic capital abidjan in august  .
the euro surged to an all-time record against the dollar tuesday , hitting  .
dollars at  gmt in new york trade  .
israel 's prime minister ariel sharon met his italian counterpart silvio berlusconi for talks here late tuesday during which he was expected to press more coordinated international cooperation against terrorism , officials said  .
danish tycoon maersk mc-kinney moeller on tuesday said he would resign next month as chairman of a .
moeller-maersk , the company founded by his father , at the age of   .
the united states said tuesday it was opening free-trade negotiations colombia , peru , ecuador and bolivia  .
a czech airlines -lrb- csa -rrb- plane en route from prague to new york had to make an emergency landing in iceland late tuesday after receiving a bomb threat , czech private television nova reported  .
bush will make no announcement on disputed us tariffs on steel imports during his state visit to britain , a senior white house official said tuesday  .
on the richter scale hit an area near samar island in the philippines early wednesday , the hong kong observatory said  .
time warner 's board of directors was set to meet this week amid speculation it was considering offers for its warner music division with the music industry landscape shifting quickly  .
greek football hooligans shouting slogans against the athens  olympics will face criminal charges under new legislation proposed by the greek ministry for sports  .
moldova tuesday welcomed a plan proposed by russia settle the simmering conflict between chisinau and its breakaway region of transdniestr  .
bush arrived at london 's heathrow airport on tuesday to begin a state visit to britain , the first ever by an american leader  .
bush arrived at london 's heathrow airport on tuesday to begin a state visit to britain , the first ever by an american leader  .
crude oil futures surged past  dollars thursday for the first time since ahead of the iraq war , with the light sweet crude in new york jumping  .
chess grandmaster garry kasparov drew the fourth and final game tuesday of his contest against the virtual reality supercomputer `` xd fritz , '' leaving the series drawn at two points apiece  .
anti-globalisation groups will gather in the greek capital to protest against the  athens olympics a few weeks before they begin , a leading activist told afp on tuesday  .
a ukrainian soldier deployed in southeastern iraq as part of the us-led international stabilisation forces on tuesday committed suicide , ukraine 's defense ministry said  .
said tuesday it is planning to change the -year-old chicken mcnuggets formula to improve its nutritional value as part of its broader efforts to offer consumers healthy menu items  .
the local representative of the iraqi education ministry in the southern iraqi province of diwaniyah was shot dead by gunmen , iraqi officials said tuesday  .
parliamentary elections in russia on december  have attracted virtually no campaigning and evoked little interest on the part of the electorate -- and that , for some political experts , is an indication that the fix is in  .
the united nations should have a strong role in iraq 's reconstruction , and that such a role should not be limited to humanitarian relief , german foreign minister joschka fischer said tuesday  .
parliamentary elections in russia on december  have attracted virtually no campaigning and evoked little interest on the part of the electorate -- and that , for some political experts , is an indication that the fix is in  .
americans think the investment climate has improved from a year ago , but still are n't willing to plunge into the stock market , according to a survey released tuesday  .
french police on tuesday arrested two suspected basque separatists after a car chase in southwestern france , officials said  .
the new leader of turkey 's main kurdish rebel group gave his backing tuesday to  kurdish demonstrators who briefly seized istanbul 's main courthouse before it was stormed by turkish riot police  .
bush is to lay out his vision for global peace , democracy and multilateralism in a keynote speech wednesday during his state visit to britain , a white house official said  .
the top us securities regulator vowed tuesday to take strong action against those responsible for abuses in mutual fund trading , and announced a new risk assessment office to stay on top of scandals  .
governor arnold schwarzenegger began his reign of california tuesday by announcing he would go directly to the people to approve laws to balance the state 's huge budget deficit  .
chess grandmaster gary kasparov drew the final game tuesday of his  showdown with virtual reality supercomputer `` xd fritz , '' leaving the match and honors shared at two points apiece  .
rwanda and the un tribunal trying alleged ringleaders of the  genocide in rwanda must find a compromise over alleged  crimes by the former rebel tutsi-dominated rwandan patriotic front -lrb- rpf -rrb- now ruling rwanda , a senior us official said tuesday  .
belgium and the united states buried the hatchet on tuesday , putting months of diplomatic tensions brought on by the iraq war behind them , foreign minister louis michel said  .
wada president dick pound hit out tuesday at the `` disappointing '' attitude of the united states after washington said it was reducing its financial contribution to the world anti-doping body  .
media tycoon conrad black , who has been forced to resign as chief executive of his hollinger international group , said on tuesday he committed no wrongdoing when he pocketed millions of dollars in unauthorised company payments  .
the united states said on tuesday that a new un security council resolution on iraq 's accelerated transition to self-rule could be a `` possibility , '' but officials underlined the us is not actively seeking such a measure  .
the new us ambassador to afghanistan , zalmay khalilzad , tuesday gently urged pakistan to deliver more help in stemming cross-border terrorist attacks  .
the deputy leader of burundi 's rebel movement , the national liberation forces -lrb- fnl -rrb- , the only group still fighting the government , has resigned , the fnl said on tuesday  .
the imf said tuesday that china 's currency does not appear `` substantially undervalued '' and that a currency change would probably have little impact on global trade imbalances  .
bush tuesday condemned the decision by massachusetts ' highest court that would allow same-sex marriages  .
nasa said tuesday that it was considering a resumption of space shuttle flights late next year  .
the massachusetts supreme judicial court ruled tuesday that barring gay couples from marrying was unconstitutional , prompting a vow by president george w .
bush to defend the `` sanctity '' of heterosexual marriage  .
the massachusetts supreme judicial court ruled tuesday that barring gay couples from marrying was unconstitutional , prompting a vow by president george w .
bush to defend the `` sanctity '' of heterosexual marriage  .
bush tuesday condemned the decision by massachusetts ' highest court that would allow same-sex marriages  .
chile has recalled its ambassador to venezuela after venezuelan president hugo chavez suggested revising the outcome of a war that lost bolivia its access to the sea , chilean foreign minister soledad alvear announced tuesday  .
a high-powered us congressional trio is warning texas-based cosmetics giant mary kay inc .
to stand up to china 's demands that sales associates swear not to join the banned falungong spiritual group  .
republic of ireland coach brian kerr paid tribute to the skills of damien duff after the chelsea winger produced a brilliant solo goal in a - win over canada at lansdowne road on monday  .
us forces pounded insurgent positions with mortar fire for a third consecutive night tuesday just outside ousted president saddam hussein 's  of tikrit , a flashpoint of anti-coalition violence  .
a us federal judge tuesday rejected moves by us homemaking icon martha stewart to have two of the criminal counts against her dismissed , prior to her trial on charges arising from an insider trading scandal  .
bush is to lay out his vision for global peace , democracy and multilateralism in a keynote speech wednesday during his state visit to britain , a white house official said  .
the canadian grand prix has been saved after a brewer agreed to help make up the lost revenue from a local ban on tobacco sponsorship  .
the euro surged to an all-time high against the dollar tuesday as the greenback was routed by fears that growing us protectionist sentiment could hurt currency flows and undermine global trade  .
barry bonds of the san francisco giants set another major league baseball record on tuesday when he was named national league 's most valuable player for the third straight year  .
the orlando magic , in the midst of their longest losing streak in more than a decade , fired coach doc rivers and replaced him tuesday with assistant johnny davis  .
every us soldier shipping out to iraq , afghanistan or kuwait faces a painful leave-taking , but in the case of one mexican-american , red tape is making it doubly difficult  .
senior us and canadian drug officials agreed tuesday to share information about the cross-border trade in prescription drugs  .
a late selloff pushed us stocks lower for a fourth straight session tuesday as a spike in oil prices , a plunging dollar , geopolitical tensions and the mutual fund scandal weighed on wall street  .
the first human trial of a vaccine designed to prevent ebola infection began tuesday in the united states , the national institutes of health announced  .
the boeing company said tuesday it had landed a a  .
million dollar contract to launch three additional global positioning system -lrb- gps -rrb- satellites for the us air force  .
canada said tuesday it had introduced a draft un resolution accusing iran of sweeping human rights violations , adding to the international pressure on tehran 's islamic regime  .
al baxter takes over from injured prop ben darwin in the only change to the wallabies ' starting team for the world cup final against england in sydney on saturday  .
al baxter takes over from injured prop ben darwin in the only change to australia 's starting team for the world cup final against england in sydney on saturday  .
england coach clive woodward brought back mike tindall for bath team-mate mike catt in naming his side wednesday for saturday 's world cup final against australia  .
jump in net profit for the year to september wednesday , buoyed by high-flying discount airline virgin blue  .
england and australia both made one change wednesday to their starting line-ups for the world cup final here on saturday  .
share prices in tokyo opened lower wednesday with the nikkei- index losing  .
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi and his cabinet resigned en masse wednesday morning in a formality ahead of their expected reinstatement later in the day , a cabinet official said  .
england and australia both made one change wednesday to their starting line-ups for the world cup final here on saturday  .
lefthander ted lilly , who was one of the most effective starters in the game in the second half of  , on tuesday was traded by the oakland athletics to the toronto blue jays for outfielder bobby kielty and a player to be named  .
animal rights activists said wednesday they had sabotaged a shipment of live sheep destined for muslim countries in the middle east by giving the sheep feed that included pig meat  .
the euro surged to an all-time record high against the dollar wednesday , hitting  .
am -lrb-  gmt -rrb- in tokyo trade , a foreign exchange dealer said  .
hong kong gold prices opened higher on wednesday at  .
us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of  .
after playing a career-high  games last season , new york rangers center eric lindros landed back on injured reserve monday  .
for the first time since the spring invasion , us forces strafed central baghdad from the air as the administration of president george w .
bush raised the possibility of a new un resolution to help its handover of power to iraqis  .
bonzi wells was suspended for two games without pay and stripped of his  by the portland trail blazers one day after cursing at coach maurice cheeks  .
the euro surged to an all-time record high against the dollar wednesday , hitting  .
am -lrb-  gmt -rrb- in tokyo trade , a foreign exchange dealer said  .
percent in opening trade wednesday after the decline on wall street , dealers said  .
the euro surged to an all-time record high against the dollar wednesday , hitting  .
am -lrb-  gmt -rrb- in tokyo trade , a foreign exchange dealer said  .
the fiji rugby union -lrb- fru -rrb- is expected to make public next week an explanation on fiji 's poor performance at the rugby world cup in australia , the government owned daily post said wednesday  .
the new york mets have fired bill singer less than a week after he directed anti-asian remarks at a chinese-american working in the front office of the los angeles dodgers  .
a british newspaper said wednesday it had uncovered a serious breach of security at buckingham palace , the royal residence in london where us president george w .
bush is staying during his state vist to britain  .
france 's parliament approved changes to the country 's asylum laws overnight tuesday , introducing stricter rules for would-be immigrants and slashing the time taken to process their claims  .
a five-year-old child was killed by a falling wall when an earthquake measuring  .
on the richter scale hit the island of samar in the eastern philippines early wednesday , officials said  .
philippine president gloria arroyo on wednesday vowed to hunt down a gang of kidnappers who murdered a coca-cola executive  .
most of bmw 's first batch of chinese-made luxury sedans have been denied license plates due to erroneous data provided on engine specifications and weight , the company said wednesday  .
vanuatu prime minister edward natapei dropped the francophone union of moderate parties -lrb- ump -rrb- from his governing coalition in a wide-ranging cabinet reshuffle wednesday  .
the south korean embassy in afghanistan has been evacuated following an warning it could be the target of a suicide bombing attack , the foreign ministry said wednesday  .
church leaders wednesday released a set of guidelines on sexual misconduct among priests , months after scandals involving two bishops rocked the predominantly catholic philippines  .
bush was to pledge his commitment to multilateralism while defending the need at times to `` use force to defend the peace '' in a key speech wednesday during his visit to britain  .
the south korean embassy in afghanistan has been evacuated following an warning it could be the target of a suicide bombing attack , the foreign ministry said wednesday  .
creditors of lg group plan to extend two trillion won -lrb-  .
billion dollars -rrb- in emergency loans to help its credit card unit overcome a financial crisis , bankers said wednesday  .
taiwan is planning to spend  billion taiwan dollars -lrb-  .
billion us dollars -rrb- over the next five years on various public infrastructure projects in a bid to bolster the island 's economy , a cabinet official said wednesday  .
sri lanka 's parliament was set to reopen for the first time wednesday since a hostile president sacked three ministers and suspended the legislature for two weeks , officials said  .
percent from a year earlier on lower orders for raw materials from the electronics industry , the government said wednesday  .
police chiefs from around the south pacific will meet in australia next week to discuss the threat of terrorism , australian police said wednesday  .
oil prices were lower in asia on wednesday after overnight gains ahead of us inventory data to be released later in the day , dealers said  .
bush was set to defend the us invasion of iraq in a key speech wednesday during the first full day of his state visit to britain  .
taiwan 's push for formal independence is crossing beijing 's red line and risks triggering a war , a senior chinese official was quoted as saying wednesday  .
south korean police were on alert wednesday as tens of thousands farmers were gearing up for protest rallies against trade liberalization here  .
drownings , traffic and other accidents kill , children in china every year , becoming the top cause of death for chinese youngsters , state media said wednesday  .
a panel of prominent us politicians and educators on tuesday decried what it called `` america 's ignorance of outside world , '' arguing that americans ' reluctance to study foreign civilizations could eventually become a threat to national security  .
sri lanka 's parliament resumed sessions wednesday after a two-week suspension ordered by a hostile president who sacked three ministers plunging the country in a political crisis , an official said  .
five people , including an overseas vietnamese man who had lived in australia , were executed in vietnam 's southern business capital of ho chi minh city , court officials said wednesday  .
us envoy james kelly headed into talks wednesday with china 's leaders as he seeks consensus on a second round of six-party negotiations on north korea 's nuclear program  .
thai airways international said wednesday it had fixed the price for this month 's  million share offering at  baht -lrb-  .
percent lower wednesday in thin trade as investors retreated to the sidelines to await developments in the political front , with sentiment further undermined by weak regional bourses , dealers said  .
china on wednesday strongly protested a decision by the united states to impose quotas on chinese textile imports , with beijing accusing washington of violating wto principles of free trade  .
china on wednesday strongly protested a decision by the united states to impose quotas on chinese textile imports , with beijing accusing washington of violating wto principles of free trade  .
sri lanka 's parliament wednesday ruled as illegal the president 's suspension of the assembly two weeks ago and said it will disregard any future attempt to disrupt the legislature  .
a french tourist was shot dead in a robbery in the thai town of kanchanaburi , famous as the location of the film `` bridge over the river kwai '' , police and embassy officials said wednesday  .
median housing prices in new zealand jumped a record  .
percent in october , the real estate institute said wednesday  .
percent in morning trade on wedneday led by continued losses on wall street , dealers said  .
vietnam airlines will begin flights to frankfurt with a stop-over in moscow in early january using its recently acquired boeing -er aircraft , a company spokesman said wednesday  .
sri lanka 's parliament reopened wednesday and ruled the president 's suspension of the assembly two weeks ago was illegal , saying it would disregard any future attempt to disrupt the legislature  .
thai airways on wednesday set the price for a major offering this month at  baht -lrb-  .
dollars -rrb- per share and said it would use the funds to upgrade aircraft and regain its status as a leading asian airline  .
percent wednesday , recovering from an early downturn as investors shrugged off losses on wall street overnight and backed the banking sector , dealers said  .
disappointed all black coach john mitchell has no  against world cup conquerors australia saying he would like to see them win against england in saturday 's final  .
the south korean government will auction off its entire  .
-percent stake in kookmin bank , the country 's largest commercial bank , in december , the ministry of finance and economy said wednesday  .
percent lower in modest trade wednesday as foreign investors continued on the sell side after further losses on wall street overnight , dealers said  .
indonesian police said wednesday they have arrested a businessman in connection with a loan fraud involving  .
million us -rrb- from a heavily oversubscribed initial public offering -lrb- ipo -rrb- to list in hong kong  .
new zealand share prices hit a four and a half year high wednesday , closing up  .
new zealand wednesday expanded its working holiday scheme to cover up to , more young people from overseas  .
new zealand share prices hit a four and a half year high wednesday , closing up  .
percent wednesday , recovering from an early downturn as investors shrugged off losses on wall street overnight and backed the banking sector , dealers said  .
an indian policeman was killed and six others injured in a fierce gunbattle between indian troops and islamic militants near the army headquarters in kashmir , police said wednesday  .
new zealand warned wednesday it could use legal action to prevent a british rower making a third attempt to cross the fearsome southern ocean after he was plucked to safety from his crippled boat  .
percent lower in modest trade wednesday as foreign investors continued on the sell side after further losses on wall street overnight , dealers said  .
japanese researchers say they have uncovered a previously unidentified species of whale , a discovery that is extraordinarily rare on a planet where more and more large mammal species are at risk of extinction  .
the euro hit a record high against the dollar wednesday on growing concerns that protectionist sentiment in the united states may prompt heavy selling of us assets , dealers said  .
australian olympic shooting gold medallist michael diamond has failed in a bid to get his gun license back pending a court hearing for allegedly assaulting his former girlfriend , police said wednesday  .
french secretary of state for foreign affairs renaud muselier will thursday meet prime minister helen clark and foreign affairs minister phil goff , the latter said in a statement  .
ireland 's syd millar was elected unopposed here wednesday as chairman of the international rugby board -lrb- irb -rrb- which governs the sport worldwide  .
the dodo , an  indian ocean bird which became a synonym for extinction when it died out some  years ago , probably survived nearly three decades beyond the date commonly given for its disappearance , scientists believe  .
mongolian prime minister nambaryn enkhbayar on wednesday arrived in north korea , state media said  .
four people died and two were missing after a swedish military helicopter crashed into the sea off the southwestern port of goeteborg late on tuesday , the swedish army said in a statement early on wednesday  .
australian justice minister chris ellison began a two-day visit to east timor wednesday , saying australia wanted to see the young country remain secure after the withdrawal of a un support mission next year  .
the gulf emirate of dubai is to release  prisoners as a `` gesture '' from the ruler sheikh maktoum bin rashid al-maktoum for the muslim holy month of ramadan , the official wam news agency reported wednesday  .
disappointed all blacks coach john mitchell and skipper reuben thorne hold no  against world cup conquerors australia saying they would like to see them win against england in saturday 's final  .
south korea 's ailing microchip giant , hynix semiconductor , said wednesday it has filed a petition with an eu court to protest steep european duties imposed on its chips  .
kenyans went to the polls early wednesday to fill two parliamentary seats left vacant by the deaths of their holders , the electoral commission of kenya -lrb- eck -rrb- said  .
iran will refuse any further demands from the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- for the islamic republic to halt its uranium enrichment activities , the country 's top national security official said wednesday  .
commerzbank chairman klaus-peter mueller on wednesday rejected speculation his bank , one of germany 's biggest , was about to be taken over by a predator  .
the government said wednesday it is indefinitely deferring a planned  .
billion hong kong dollar -lrb-  million us -rrb- development project outlined for the prime tamar site in the city 's business district while it reviews public spending priorities  .
four people died , two were missing and one was seriously injured when a swedish military helicopter crashed into the sea during a rescue exercise off the southwestern port of goeteborg late on tuesday , the swedish army and media reports said on wednesday  .
improved revenues helped the philippines rein in its budget deficit in october , the finance department said thursday  .
a policeman was killed and six security force members injured in a fierce gunbattle between indian troops and islamic militants near the army headquarters in indian kashmir , police said wednesday  .
iran 's former envoy to argentina has returned home after emerging from a lengthy legal ordeal in britain sparked by an extradition request from buenos aires , where he is accused of involvement in a deadly  bombing of a jewish cultural center  .
china wednesday strongly protested plans by the united states to slap quotas on chinese textile imports of dressing gowns and bras , accusing washington of violating wto principles of free trade  .
india 's search for an expert to guide its young crop of fast bowlers on the upcoming tour of australia appears to have ended at the doorstep of pakistani legend wasim akram  .
australia said wednesday it had appointed lieutenant colonel quentin flowers as the new commander of its military contingent in the solomon islands  .
percent higher wednesday on bargain-hunting , with techs leading the way after the government announced a timetable for shifting away from traditional analog tv broadcasting , dealers said  .
pakistan is demanding cash from almost  islamic militants in a new attempt to prevent banned extremist groups re-emerging under new names , officials said wednesday  .
a senior chinese official wednesday called for an acceleration in the restructuring of state-owned enterprises , of which , are technically bankrupt , and pledged to actively seek foreign investors  .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei arrived here wednesday to hold talks with leaders of the main armed factions in a bid to persuade them to put a halt to their campaign of attacks against israel  .
hong kong gold prices closed higher on wednesday at  .
us dollars an ounce compared with the previous day 's closing rate of  .
sri lanka 's top tamil tiger negotiator anton balasingham is expected to return home early next year amid uncertainty over the norwegian-backed process to end the three-decade ethnic war , tamil sources said wednesday  .
percent wednesday but were off the lows seen in early trade following another lacklustre performance on wall street overnight , dealers said  .
the san antonio spurs on tuesday activated backup point guard anthony carter  .
the eu economic and monetary affairs commissioner , pedro solbes , said on wednesday that he would stand firm in defense of eu budget rules against attempts by countries such as france and germany to bend them  .
the new york mets fired bill singer on tuesday less than a week after he directed anti-asian remarks at a los angeles dodgers executive of chinese descent  .
the al-aqsa martyrs brigades , an armed offshoot of the mainstream palestinian movement fatah , said wednesday it would reject any agreement for a suspension of anti-israeli attacks  .
increased earnings and cost-cutting helped propel the swiss insurance group , zurich financial services , to a -million-dollar -lrb- -million-euro -rrb- profit in the third quarter of  , the company announced on wednesday  .
president gloria arroyo said wednesday that us anti-terror troops may help local forces fight armed islamic militants on the major southern philippines island of mindanao  .
the al-aqsa martyrs brigades , an armed offshoot of the mainstream palestinian movement fatah , said wednesday it would reject any agreement for a suspension of anti-israeli attacks  .
two iraqi policemen and a translator working for the us-led coalition were wounded tuesday night during two attacks in the main northern iraqi city of mosul , police sources said wednesday  .
the palestinian authority has unfrozen the bank accounts of charity organizations linked to the radical hamas movement which were blocked in august , an official palestinian source said wednesday  .
two vietnamese women were sentenced to  and  years in jail after being convicted of selling their daughters into prostitution in cambodia , a court official said wednesday  .
caretaker boss eddie gray , given permission to manage the side despite not holding the correct qualifications , has ordered his players to make australian star mark viduka their no  target  .
thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra on wednesday presented  well-heeled visitors with `` privilege '' cards that will entitle them to a lifetime of premium services in the kingdom  .
indonesia 's military said wednesday it has neutralised  percent of a separatist rebel army in aceh province and hopes to finish off the job in the next six months  .
palestinian prime minister ahmad qorei will visit jordan at the end of november for talks with king abdullah ii on the stalled peace process with israel ahead of the monarch 's visit to washington , a palestinian diplomat said wednesday  .
pakistan is demanding cash pledges from almost  islamic militants in a new attempt to prevent banned extremist groups re-emerging under new names , officials said wednesday  .
the us company atlantic coast airlines said on wednesday that it had signed a draft order for  airbus airliners  .
pakistan is demanding cash pledges from almost  islamic militants in a new attempt to prevent banned extremist groups re-emerging under new names , officials said wednesday  .
aston villa 's moroccan midfielder mustapha hadji is willing to take a pay cut to end his misery at villa park under manager david o'leary  .
sri lanka 's crisis-ridden government was set to unveil its budget for  wednesday , a week behind schedule after parliament re-opened to assert its power over a hostile president , officials said  .
british music group emi said wednesday takeover talks to buy rival warner music were at an `` advanced stage '' as it reported interim results showing sales held steady despite a wider market slump  .
twin attacks on istanbul synagogues which killed  people were carried out by turkish militants acting under the guidance of foreign extremists linked to the al-qaeda network , turkish interior minister abdulkadir aksu was quoted as saying wednesday  .
russia wednesday stepped up its criticism of an agreement between us overseers in iraq and the country 's interim governing council to transfer control of the country  .
south korea 's police chief denied on wednesday a press report that a suspected member of osama bin laden 's al-qaeda network had secretly infiltrated the country this year  .
cambodia 's king norodom sihanouk lashed out at the country 's opposition parties wednesday for delaying forming a new government , saying they were denying themselves a role in the next administration  .
norwegian oil company statoil said on wednesday that it was in preliminary talks with russian energy giant gazprom over possible cooperation to develop one of the biggest gas fields in the world  .
british music group emi said wednesday takeover talks to buy rival warner music were at an `` advanced stage '' as it reported interim results showing sales held steady despite a wider market slump  .
russia and iran have again put off the signing of an agreement that would clear the way for moscow to complete construction of the islamic state 's first nuclear power reactor , a top minister said wednesday  .
us envoy james kelly held meetings wednesday with senior chinese leaders on a second round of six-party negotiations on north korea 's nuclear program , but both sides were silent on progress  .
percent wednesday after overnight declines on wall street and the further weakening of key regional markets , dealers said  .
percent wednesday but off lows thanks to a late rebound in selected blue chips , dealers said  .
a british reporter who worked undercover for two months at buckingham palace , the royal residence in london , claimed wednesday that security was so lax he could easily have assassinated us president george w .
a british reporter who worked undercover for two months at buckingham palace , the royal residence in london , claimed wednesday that security was so lax he could easily have assassinated us president george w .
the palestinian authority has arrested a palestinian policeman accused of carrying out a shooting attack in the west bank on tuesday which left two israeli soldiers dead , a palestinian security source said  .
taiwan 's leading air carrier china airlines -lrb- cal -rrb- will resume cargo flights to new delhi next week with extended service due to growing demand , the company said wednesday  .
a gunman was shot dead wednesday after wounding three people when he fired from the jordanian side of the arava border crossing into southern israel close to the town of eilat , israeli authorities said  .
british finance group icap said wednesday three of its foreign exchange brokers were among the  reportedly arrested in the united states by the federal bureau of investigation agents  .
turkish security forces have rounded up  pakistani would-be illegal immigrants , two greek sailors and two turks in a human-smuggling operation in the aegean province of izmir , local security sources said wednesday  .
british supermarket chain j sainsbury named justin king , a former asda executive who now runs marks and spencer food division as its new chief executive on wednesday  .
south korean prosecutors on wednesday indicted song  , a german scholar of korean origin , charging him with maintaining unauthorized links with north korea 's stalinist leadership  .
a british reporter who worked undercover for two months at buckingham palace , the royal residence in london , claimed wednesday that security was so lax he could easily have assassinated us president george w .
percent wednesday due to a range of negative factors including weakness on foreign bourses and concerns over new day-trading rules , analysts said  .
percent wednesday but off lows thanks to a late rebound in selected blue chips , dealers said  .
zimbabwe 's first president canaan banana was to be buried wednesday at his rural home in  , some  kilometres -lrb-  miles -rrb- from where most of the country 's top political figures are interred , after he was denied hero status , state media reported  .
french flanker serge betsen was given a six week ban for kicking england scrum-half matt dawson in the head during their world cup semi-final defeat on sunday  .
bmw-williams sporting director mario theissen claims the formula one team will not rush into appointing a replacement for juan pablo montoya and quashed talk that the colombian driver would leave for mclaren mercedes before   .
a british security guard was lightly wounded when a roadside bomb went off wednesday in the southern iraqi city of basra , said a spokesman for the us-led coalition ruling iraq  .
japan 's leading mobile telephone company ntt docomo inc .
said wednesday that wind  spa has started the japanese firm 's popular i-mode mobile phone-based internet service in italy  .
the philippines should improve its human rights record by easing congestion in its overcrowded prisons and stepping up the battle against child trafficking and prostitution , an european human rights chief said wednesday  .
russian world champion yevgeny plyushchenko is the leading competitor at the cup of russia figure skating tournament , fifth round of the isu grand prix , starting here on friday  .
prime minister thaksin shinawatra on wednesday attempted to cool a row between national carrier thai airways and a senator who was removed from a plane during an argument over seating  .
percent in the third quarter from a year earlier and is expected to exceed the  .
percent full-year growth forecast , the central bank announced wednesday  .
rubber prices in singapore eased wednesday on higher volumes , dealers said  .
some , minibus taxi drivers in kenya went on strike wednesday , stranding commuters across the country , while police in the capital used teargas against touts who threw stones at vehicles ignoring the work stoppage , police said  .
percent wednesday after overnight declines on wall street and the further weakening of key regional markets , dealers said  .
the two assailants who detonated car bombs outside istanbul synagogues , killing themselves and  others , have been identified as two turkish men in their s who might have been linked to the al-qaeda network , the city 's governor said on wednesday  .
a gunman wounded at least three tourists before being shot dead wednesday when he fired across the border from jordan into southern israel near the red sea resort of eilat , israeli authorities said  .
percent wednesday as investors sold blue chips in absence of fresh support from foreign funds as global markets ruled weak , dealers said  .
local polling in mozambique started slowly wednesday as voters queued patiently to cast their ballot in the first municipal elections contested by a former rebel group  .
prices at the east african tea auction in mombasa varied sharply this week amid strong demand in line with superior qualities of leaf on offer , africa tea brokers -lrb- atb -rrb- said in a market report released here on wednesday  .
world cup semi-finalists turkey , facing elimination from next year 's european championship finals in portugal , are counting on a pair of wonder boots to save them  .
egyptian state television on wednesday suddenly interrupted a speech given by president hosni mubarak to the parliament  .
a dutch navy supply ship has arrived in liberia where it will spend three months transporting troops , equipment and supplies for the un mission in the war-ravaged west african state , the united nations said  .
egyptian president hosni mubarak was taken ill while addressing parliament on wednesday , egyptian state television said after interrupting broadcast of his speech  .
german police said wednesday they had broken up a major crime ring at frankfurt airport after seizing stolen electronic equipment worth around  .
german airline lufthansa said tuesday it was cutting its cargo prices in order to boost the market share of its lufthansa cargo unit , the world 's largest air cargo handler , in face of fiercer competition  .
a key figure in president eduard shevardnadze 's administration resigned wednesday amid a political crisis which has seen thousands of protesters call for the georgian leader to resign  .
bangladesh 's second largest opposition party , the jatiya party -lrb- jp -rrb- , returned to parliament wednesday two days after it walked out protesting comments made by a government minister  .
iran has offered iraq a package of political and security assistance , after a landmark visit here by top members of the iraqi governing council that also yielded a trade pact set to boost iranian economic clout in its us-occupied neighbor  .
percent in the third quarter from a year earlier and is expected to exceed the full year forecast of  .
percent growth , the central bank announced wednesday  .
egyptian president hosni mubarak was taken ill while addressing parliament on wednesday , egyptian state television said after interrupting broadcast of his speech  .
the death toll from iran 's worsening drugs habit has hit , for the first five months of the iranian calendar beginning in march , up  percent from last year 's figures  .
kuwaiti shares edged higher in the week to wednesday as the market continued to fluctuate amid a slowdown in trading as the muslim fasting month of ramadan draws to a close , traders said  .
foreign ministers from six former soviet republics gathered in kyrgyzstan on wednesday to discuss relations with nato and recent instability in afghanistan , a senior russian official said  .
paul bremer , the us civil administrator in iraq , insisted in an interview published here wednesday the situation in iraq had been `` normalised '' in about  percent of the country , despite daily attacks on coalition forces  .
nato troops , possibly including a german contingent , sho  said israeli criticism of eu policy in the middle east was justified in part  .
egyptian president hosni mubarak resumed his speech to parliament wednesday after he was taken ill and left the chamber with what an official described as a `` severe ` flu , '' state television showed  .
the -nation euro zone 's trade surplus stood at  .
billion dollars -rrb- in september , up from a revised  .
billion euros in august , eu statistics office eurostat said wednesday  .
spain 's leading bank santander central hispano -lrb- sch -rrb- said on wednesday that the time was ripe to invest in the recovering latin american economy  .
the oecd said wednesday it will intervene in a row at nestle in south korea , where unions have accused the swiss multinational of threatening to leave the country if a strike by certain staff continues  .
a nigerian court on wednesday adjourned the trial of  minority rights activists arrested last week and accused of public order offences during a memorial rally for their slain leader , a spokesman for the activists said  .
south africa 's rand reached its most powerful level against the dollar in  months on wednesday morning , pushing exporters , particularly the dominant mining sector , further into loss-making territory  .
germany 's governing party committed itself wednesday to raising the rate of inheritance tax on bigger legacies to pay for reforms , but resisted calls to re-introduce a wealth  purse  .
south korean farmers clashed with riot police on the streets here late wednesday after huge protest rallies against trade liberalization , police and witnesses said  .
a nigerian court on wednesday adjourned the trial of  minority rights activists arrested last week and accused of public order offences during a memorial rally for their slain leader , a spokesman for the activists said  .
the us embassy in beirut has stripped walid jumblatt , leader of lebanon 's druze community , of a visa for the united states for expressing regret that us deputy defense secretary paul wolfowitz was unhurt in a baghdad rocket attack last month  .
lisa raymond gave the usa the initiative in their fed cup world group semi-final with belgium by beating els callens for the loss of only three games on wednesday  .
a tourist from latin america who was critically injured in a shooting wednesday at the israeli-jordanian border died of her injuries shortly afterwards , israeli authorities said  .
the british government dismissed claims made wednesday by an undercover newspaper reporter that buckingham palace failed to screen him properly before hiring him as a servant with access to rooms used by visiting us president george w .
north european countries as well as south korea , hong kong and taiwan dominated a new global ranking released on wednesday which assesses the ability of  economies to harness the digital revolution  .
tibet 's exiled spiritual leader the dalai lama will meet pope john paul ii on november  during a visit to italy , his spokesman tenzin  said wednesday  .
five blasts rocked the state of mizoram a day ahead of elections in the most peaceful of india 's seven northeastern provinces , police said wednesday  .
a key figure in georgian president eduard shevardnadze 's administration resigned wednesday amid a political crisis which has seen thousands of protesters call for the georgian leader to step down  .
the united states is helping to upgrade rural medical facilities in war-torn sri lanka under a two-million-dollar project aimed at spreading the message of peace , the us embassy here said wednesday  .
the simon wiesenthal center has urged finland to probe the deportation of thousands of soviet prisoners of war , including  jews , to nazi germany during world war ii , officials said wednesday  .
us warplanes overnight dropped ,-pound -lrb-  -rrb- bombs on four camps near the northern iraqi town of baquba which are used to make improvised explosive devices -lrb- ieds -rrb- favored by anti-us insurgents , a military spokesman said wednesday  .
russia will on wednesday present a draft resolution to the un security council to get its formal approval for the faltering `` roadmap '' plan for middle east peace , a top russian diplomat was quoted as saying by interfax  .
russia and canada temporarily have eased flight restrictions on airlines aeroflot and air canada ahead of negotiations to resolve a trade dispute , the news agency itar-tass reported wednesday  .
when it comes to security , buckingham palace is a stone embodiment of murphy 's law -- if something can go wrong it will  .
us forces called in air power to quell insurgency in the heart of baghdad for the first time since the spring invasion as president george bush defended the use of force to promote peace  .
world champions australia have been confirmed as top seeds for the  icc champions trophy in england next september  .
the head of the iraqi governing council , jalal talabani , said wednesday that baghdad was ready to mend fences with turkey , following tensions over a bungled plan for the deployment of turkish peacekeeping forces in war-torn iraq  .
liberia 's interim leader gyude bryant was forced wednesday to cancel a fence-mending trip to neighboring ivory coast because of technical problems with his plane , the ivorian presidential office said  .
france 's foreign ministry has has alerted the french judiciary to a case of paedophilia allegedly committed in iran by a french national , the french embassy here announced wednesday  .
a british reporter who worked undercover for two months as a servant at buckingham palace , the queen 's residence in london , said on wednesday that security was so lax he could easily have assassinated us president george w .
israel 's prime minister ariel sharon called on eu reaffirming his commitment to peace and the roadmap , '' said frattini , referring to the international peace plan for the middle east  .
leeds captain kevin sinfield says the great britain players will be out to prove a point when they take on australia in the final test at huddersfield on saturday  .
david o'leary says the club 's previous two managers john gregory and graham taylor have left him with nothing to spend on new players  .
a proposal to remove the rally of great britain from the world championship calendar is to be discussed by the sport 's governing body next month  .
austria and israel announced on wednesday they had fully restored normal relations after a three-year chill and the jewish state would shortly be sending a new ambassador to vienna  .
a chinese court charged an unemployed man wednesday with `` incitement to subvert the state '' after he called for the democratization of the country on the internet , a human rights group and court official said  .
former nato commander and us presidential hopeful wesley clark will testify behind closed doors in the war crimes trial of yugoslav ex-president slobodan milosevic next month , the un court said wednesday  .
the  in  , , russians died from alcohol poisoning and it is not uncommon for russian males to down a litre of the liquid on a night out  .
the ugandan army has killed nine of the lord 's resistance army -lrb- lra -rrb- rebels suspected of massacring at least  villagers in northern uganda earlier this week , a senior government official in the northern town of lira said wednesday  .
nepal 's prime minister surya bahadur thapa will visit india next week to seek further military assistance to combat a maoist insurgency , officials and sources said wednesday  .
german prosecutors demanded wednesday a five-year jail term for a jordanian man suspected of plotting attacks on jewish targets , saying that only his arrest had prevented them being carried out  .
india 's cricket chief jagmohan dalmiya on wednesday rubbished reports that pakistani legend wasim akram was being hired as the bowling coach of the national team  .
us assistant secretary of state for east asian and pacific affairs james kelly arrived in south korea wednesday for talks with officials here on north korea 's nuclear ambitions  .
roma 's brazil international emerson has warned he could leave the club in january when the transfer window reopens unless he is paid his outstanding wages  .
south african president thabo mbeki on wednesday called for the signatories of a french-brokered peace accord for ivory coast to come back to the negotiating table , amid fresh chaos in the west african state  .
a political party in chad has cut off ties with president idriss deby over a bid by his party to push through a constitutional amendment that would allow him to run for re-election in   .
the german government 's human rights envoy on wednesday slammed the zimbabwean regime as `` anti-democratic '' over the arrest of scores of protesters taking part in anti-government demonstrations  .
police in new delhi have deployed decoy teams to scour the palace of indian president a .
abdul kalam and collar men who stalk or assault lonely women in the sprawling complex , a report said wednesday  .
new allegations surfaced on wednesday in a corruption scandal engulfing lithuanian president rolandas paksas as the leader paid a flying visit to his baltic country 's troops in iraq  .
police said wednesday they had arrested three men posing as maoist rebels and trying to extort more than , the rebels have been fighting since  to overthrow the monarchy and establish a communist state in an uprising that has claimed more than , lives  .
the british government on wednesday ordered an urgent and `` thorough '' review of security at buckingham palace after an undercover reporter who worked as a servant there said security was so lax he could easily have assassinated us president george w .
schools and universities are expected to be shut down in greece thursday , and domestic flights and other public services disrupted as the greek public sector stages a -hour strike , union officials said  .
a leading lebanese politician said wednesday his us visa had been annulled after he expressed regret that us deputy defense secretary paul wolfowitz was unhurt in a baghdad rocket attack  .
the us housing market remained buoyant in october as the number of new homes started rose  .
million units , the commerce department said wednesday  .
one person commits suicide every two minutes in china , making suicide the leading cause of death in the - age bracket , state media reported wednesday  .
austria and israel announced on wednesday they had fully restored normal relations after a three-year chill and the jewish state would shortly be sending a new ambassador to vienna  .
south korean farmers clashed with riot police on the streets here late wednesday after huge protest rallies against trade liberalization , police and witnesses said  .
financially struggling austrian airlines said wednesday that it was on track to achieve its cost-cutting targets after reaching a crucial deal with pilots this week  .
bush on wednesday urged europe to join the united states and israel in shunning yasser arafat to encourage the rise of a new palestinian leader  .
bush said wednesday the united nations nuclear watchdog must ensure iran respected its nuclear non-proliferation commitments  .
four people were killed , one was injured and two were missing wednesday after a swedish military helicopter crashed into the sea during a rescue exercise off the southwestern port of gothenburg , the swedish military said  .
two men who attempted suicide in beijing 's tiananmen square last month appeared in court wednesday on charges of disturbing the social order , state media reported  .
brahim boulami of morocco , the world , metres steeplechase record holder , has lost his appeal against a two-year ban for doping  .
a pro-government southern sudanese militia accused a ugandan rebel group of killing  sudanese civilians , and claimed it killed  lra militants in return , newspapers reported wednesday  .
italy 's deputy prime minister gianfranco fini called wednesday for the expulsion of a member of his national alliance -lrb- an -rrb- party for distributing a video autobiography of nazi officer erich priebke  .
france welcomes the us decision to transfer power in iraq to a transition government , but wants the handover process to be speeded up , a foreign ministry spokeswoman said wednesday  .
the european commission said wednesday it was not planning to replicate us quotas on chinese textile imports , which have sparked anger in beijing  .
the majority shiite group on iraq 's governing council have picked a woman dentist to take a seat on the interim body , a senior community official told afp on wednesday  .
a un fact-finding team traveled wednesday to restive northeastern liberia to investigate clashes between rebels and militia loyal to exiled former president charles taylor , the united nations said  .
percent in october against the previous month bringing the annual rate of inflation down to  .
a truck carrying flammable shaving foam products caught fire in the belly of a greek ferry wednesday , scaring the vessel 's some , passengers who put on life-jackets , ready to abandon ship  .
bush on wednesday urged europe to join the united states and israel in shunning yasser arafat to encourage the rise of a new palestinian leader  .
rwe , germany 's second-biggest power supplier , will see underlying earnings growth slow from next year as the company refocuses on expanding under its own steam rather than via acquisition , chairman harry roels said on wednesday  .
us federal prosecutors announced wednesday the filing of criminal charges against  suspects arrested in a sweep on foreign exchange dealers in wall street  .
the head of the iraqi governing council , jalal talabani , said wednesday that baghdad was ready to mend fences with turkey , following tensions over a bungled plan for the deployment of turkish forces in war-torn iraq  .
a tourist who was originally said to have died after a shooting incident on the israeli-jordanian border wednesday was in a critical condition in hospital , israeli medical officials said  .
bangladesh 's second largest opposition party , the jatiya party -lrb- jp -rrb- , returned to parliament wednesday two days after it walked out protesting comments made by a government minister , as the current session drew to a close  .
the bundesbank criticised as `` inappropriate '' wednesday plans by credit rating agency standard and poor 's to cut the debt ratings of germany 's `` landesbanken '' , or regional public sector banks , ahead of the disappearance of the banks ' state guarantees in   .
spanish police said wednesday they have smashed an african prostitution racket , arresting  nigerians suspected of trafficking of women via morocco following swoops on three spanish cities  .
the russian government now foresees economic growth this year to come to  .
percent previously forecast , a senior official said in a report carried wednesday by the ria-novosti news agency  .
brahim boulami of morocco , the world , metres steeplechase record holder , has lost his appeal against a two-year ban for doping  .
qatar telecoms monopoly provider announced wednesday the opening of a multi-million dollar internet data centre -lrb- idc -rrb- in doha in partnership with france 's   .
stocks wobbled higher in opening trade wednesday as wall street tried to recover from four straight losing sessions that some say shows a `` correction '' is underway  .
the british minister for the middle east , elizabeth symons , held talks here on wednesday with lebanese leaders to discuss the situation in iraq and the middle east  .
united states ambassador nancy powell wednesday hailed a new anti-extremist drive by the pakistani government , which has banned three militant organizations and closed  of their offices since the weekend  .
a gutsy software student who sent her groom to prison for demanding dowry is set to marry thursday but another suitor has urged a court to stop the wedding bells from ringing , officials said wednesday  .
turkey 's ruling party wednesday called for a parliamentary investigation into former prime minister mesut yilmaz over a bank privatization scandal in which the mafia was allegedly involved  .
some , prisoners entered the second day of a hunger strike wednesday to support a sacked warden who clashed with the ruling hindu nationalists in the riot-torn western indian state of gujarat , inmates said  .
gold prices spiked above the symbolic level of  dollars an ounce on wednesday for the first time for over seven years on the back of a plunging dollar and global trade tensions  .
more russians believe that president vladimir putin 's government is less corrupt since this summer 's campaign against the yukos oil giant and the recent arrest of its former chief executive mikhail khodorkovsky , a poll showed wednesday  .
spain has shelled out  million euros -lrb-  .
million dollars -rrb- for velazquez 's ``  del papa '' -lrb- pope 's barber -rrb- , which will now hang in madrid 's prado museum , the museum said wednesday  .
greece announced wednesday plans to build a new airport on the mediterranean island of crete to improve services at one of its most popular tourist destinations  .
telekom austria ag reported healthy increases in third quarter and nine months earnings wednesday on improved operating results , the consolidation of new businesses and and one-off gains  .
russia on wednesday called on the united nations to hold a conference aimed at drafting a peace plan for iraq that would provide for the dispatch of international peacekeepers to the war-torn country  .
oil prices eased back on wednesday as traders worried that a big market rally a day earlier might have been overdone  .
criminal charges were filed against  traders after fbi agents swooped down on wall street in a crackdown on allegedly crooked foreign exchange dealers , officials said wednesday  .
turkish football was in the headlines for all the wrong reasons on wednesday with alleged police violence marring the euro  under- match between turkey and germany in istanbul tuesday  .
borussia dortmund are refusing to hand awol striker marcio amoroso an easy route out of the club despite open criticism from his team-mates and calls from fans to banish the brazilian striker for his conduct  .
the finnish government on wednesday tasked a prominent historian with investigating charges put forward in a new book claiming the country deported thousands of people to nazi germany during world war ii  .
the finnish government on wednesday tasked a prominent historian with investigating charges put forward in a new book claiming the country deported thousands of people to nazi germany during world war ii  .
german police said wednesday they had broken up a major crime ring at frankfurt airport after seizing stolen electronic equipment worth around  .
defense companies of the united states on wednesday made an offer to india to jointly develop and produce new technologies  .
the family of a french united nations worker killed by suspected taliban arrived here wednesday , paying tribute to all aid workers in risky environments like  where un and other aid agencies have become a target of militants  .
six people were killed and one was injured after a swedish military helicopter crashed into the sea during a rescue exercise near this southwestern port city , the military said on wednesday  .
south african president thabo mbeki on wednesday refuted allegations that his deputy president jacob zuma once tried to solicit bribes from french arms maker thales to shield it from a corruption probe  .
milked it of one billion dollars for a host of personal expenses before the company declared bankruptcy in early  , a lawsuit alleges  .
foreign ministers and representatives from six former soviet republics said wednesday they would work more closely with nato to prevent instability from spilling over into the region from afghanistan  .
ivorian prime minister seydou diarra was expected in ghana on wednesday for talks with president john kufuor , the main regional mediator in the west african country 's fragile peace process , reliable sources here said  .
russia 's main weapons exporter , which has a quasi-monopoly over the business , has been placed under the control of a state commission as part of an apparent kremlin bid to increase its control over the country 's major economic forces , analysts said on wednesday  .
argentina 's controversial former president carlos menem ,  , and his second wife cecilia bolocco , have had a son , his brother senator eduardo menem announced in a radio interview  .
a female israeli soldier who was wounded in a suicide bomb attack at a military base near tel aviv on september  has died of her injuries , the army said in a statement wednesday  .
the spectre of sars is fading and china 's tourism arrivals are looking rosier with the industry reporting the first positive year-on-year growth since the disease 's outbreak , state media said wednesday  .
czech officials are to slaughter nearly , cattle after confirming an eighth case of mad cow disease , according to the state veterinary administration  .
northern ireland police said wednesday they had foiled a bomb plot that seemed designed to lure police into a deadly trap  .
british prime minister tony blair rounded on critics of britain 's close relationship with the united states , particularly over iraq , saying wednesday the alliance was `` important for world peace and security ''  .
several hundred demonstrators gathered at the front gates of buckingham palace on wednesday to jeer us president george w .
bush on the first full day of his state visit to britain  .
the united nations on wednesday condemned israel 's multiple violations of lebanese airspace , warning that the repeated overflights could escalate the tension in the region  .
swiss president pascal couchepin left wednesday on a five-day trip to china where he hopes to discuss the world summit on the information society , due to take place in geneva next month  .
the german government has given up its legal claims on a vacant lot over adolf hitler 's bunker , effectively handing it to a group representing jewish victims of the nazis , the finance ministry said wednesday  .
switzerland will charge foreigners more money for a visa from january  and people will have to pay up even if their application is rejected , the government said wednesday  .
percent of its shares in mol oil and gas company , a sector leader in central europe , the state privatization company apv announced here wednesday  .
swedish foreign minister laila freivalds said wednesday that turkey still had not made sufficient progress in applying human rights , a key test for its eligibility for european union membership  .
european share prices closed weaker wednesday , with the london ftse  index down  .
a swedish man was sentenced to psychiatric care on wednesday after brutally stabbing a young girl to death , a killing he said was inspired by the fatal knife attack on foreign minister anna lindh the previous day  .
azerbaijan 's foreign ministry issued a protest to moscow wednesday over plans to deepen military cooperation between russia and armenia , a country with which azerbaijan is officially at war  .
bush defended his war in iraq on wednesday as domestic support for his policies waned and new efforts emerged to secure greater un involvement in the battered country  .
british prime minister tony blair faced wednesday the danger of defeat in a key vote over extending autonomy to state-run hospitals , an idea unpopular with labor and opposition parties alike  .
zimbabwe 's foreign minister wednesday insisted that the southern african country is entitled to attend next month 's commonwealth heads of government meeting -lrb- chogm -rrb-  .
russian intellectuals appealed in a letter to president vladimir putin wednesday to halt a plan by the lukoil oil company to drill off the baltic sea coast near an environmentally fragile area on the un list of world heritage sites  .
french bank credit agricole sa reported a surge in third quarter  net earnings from  million euros in the same period last year to  million euros -lrb-  million dollars -rrb-  .
the head of germany 's foreign intelligence service warned wednesday that the rise of violence in iraq could evolve into the kind of guerrilla-style campaign endured by the soviets in afghanistan  .
the un security council on wednesday unanimously passed a russian-backed resolution endorsing the stalled middle east `` roadmap '' for peace  .
jordanian foreign minister marwan moasher will travel to iran early next week to deliver a letter from king abdullah ii to iranian president mohammad khatami , official petra news agency reported wednesday  .
the crystal palace athletics stadium has been saved from closure after an  .
million dollars -rrb- rescue package was announced by london mayor ken livingstone on wednesday  .
a french man in his s has been taken into custody in connection with a french probe into the  assassination of afghan resistance leader ahmad shah masood , interior minister nicolas sarkozy said wednesday  .
a french green group on wednesday blasted beaujolais nouveau as a threat to the environment , saying producers of the young wine polluted rivers with huge amounts of pesticides  .
the european parliament , in an emotionally charged debate , called wednesday for eu money to be allowed to fund medical research on stem cells derived from human embryos  .
authorities in california have issued an arrest warrant for superstar michael jackson and his lawyers are negotiating the terms , a police spokesman said wednesday here , where jackson was reportedly filming a video  .
the german government 's human rights envoy on wednesday slammed the zimbabwean regime as `` anti-democratic '' over the arrest of scores of protesters taking part in anti-government demonstrations  .
ivorian prime minister seydou diarra was in ghana wednesday for talks with president john kufuor , the main regional mediator in the west african country 's fragile peace process , ghanaian presidential sources said  .
russian communist party leader gennady zyuganov on wednesday denounced a vote in parliament that called on prosecutors to investigate the alleged misuse of state funds to finance the party  .
the agency in charge of disposing of the state-owned enterprises of former communist east germany declared wednesday : mission accomplished  .
canadian international security assistance force troops in kabul wednesday discovered two remote-controlled rockets set up inside the ruined king 's palace as the canadian defense minister visited their nearby base , an isaf spokesman said  .
authorities in california have issued an arrest warrant for superstar michael jackson and his lawyers are negotiating the terms , a police spokesman said wednesday here , where jackson was reportedly filming a video  .
italy 's main labor unions and political parties from left and right came together wednesday to rally against extremism in a country in shock after the death last week of  italians in an iraqi suicide attack  .
several hundred demonstrators gathered at the front gates of buckingham palace on wednesday to jeer us president george w .
bush on the first full day of his state visit to britain  .
paul tergat , the fastest marathon runner in history , announced wednesday he would be running in the london race next april to try and secure his first win there in four attempts  .
the dodo , an  indian ocean bird which became a synonym for extinction when it died out some  years ago , probably survived nearly three decades beyond the date commonly given for its disappearance , scientists believe  .
a government minister and an erotic film diva were among  people arrested wednesday in a drugs raid on political and entertainment circles in rome , police said  .
the british government on wednesday ordered an urgent and `` thorough '' review of security at buckingham palace after an undercover reporter who worked as a servant there said security was so lax he could easily have killed the us president during his visit  .
a dream foursomes tie between the international pairing of nick price and master champion mike weir and us duo david toms and phil mickelson tees off the biennial presidents cup at the fancourt links here on thursday  .
a palestinian islamist cleric held in a british prison without trial for more than a year over alleged ties to al-qaeda denied any link to terrorism at the start of his appeal hearing wednesday  .
authorities in california have issued an arrest warrant for superstar michael jackson and his lawyers are negotiating the terms , a police spokeswoman said in las vegas , where jackson is filming a video  .
iraq 's main shiite organization on wednesday expressed reservations on the deal signed  a constitution is adopted  .
a leading lebanese politician said wednesday his us visa had been annulled after he expressed regret that us deputy defense secretary paul wolfowitz was unhurt in a baghdad rocket attack  .
software maker computer associates is offering worldwide pc users free anti-virus software as part of an effort to fight the epidemic of internet attacks  .
european share prices lost ground  on lingering fears that a weaker dollar and stronger euro will dampen europe 's recovery prospects  .
israel 's prime minister ariel sharon lashed out at pope john paul ii 's criticism of israel 's west bank barrier wednesday in a parting shot to his critics at the end of a three-day visit here  .
despite its claims of cooperation , iran is still hiding a nuclear weapons program from international inspectors and even led them to a phony site , an iranian resistance group said wednesday  .
jewish community leaders launched a cry of alarm about growing anti-semitism in europe on wednesday and called on european leaders to take action to stop attacks and intimidation against jews  .
croatia became the first of the ten playoff teams to book their place in the euro  finals when they beat slovenia - here on wednesday with a goal from dado prso to complete a - victory over two legs  .
the cyprus government on wednesday extended until next october a contract for the island to be used as a staging post if un weapons inspectors return to iraq  .
holocaust denier ernst zundel is being held in detention under a security certificate that violates his rights under canada 's charter of rights and freedoms , his lawyer argued in court wednesday  .
the coach of france 's under  side has attacked portugal 's under- team for their `` unspeakable '' destruction of a dressing room after a euro  qualifier on tuesday  .
two ethnic albanians from macedonia were sentenced to  years in prison for planting a bomb that killed three people , among them two nato soldiers , in march , mia news agency reported wednesday  .
santa barbara police on wednesday confirmed that an arrest  had been issued for pop icon michael jackson  .
atlantic coast airlines has placed a tentative order for  airbus a jets as it moves ahead with plans to transform itself from a regional airline into a low-cost carrier  .
a giant potato salad from the baltic state of latvia has been entered in the guinness book of records , the baltic news service said on thursday  .
us movie house giant amc entertainment said wednesday it was in preliminary discussions with loews cineplex entertainment corporation about `` a possible business combination  .
european union trade commissioner pascal lamy said here wednesday he would watch carefully to see if chinese textile exports barred from entry into the united states were diverted to europe  .
a court must decide whether singer michael jackson 's three children will be removed from his care after he was charged with child abuse , prosecutor tom sneddon said wednesday  .
the death of a -year-old soldier in april may have been caused by a battery of us military vaccinations , a pentagon statement said wednesday  .
singer michael jackson has been given a `` specific amount of time '' to surrender himself to authorities and hand over his passport on child molestation charges , police said wednedsay  .
two fishermen have delivered shark pups after their net caught and killed a  .
-metre -lrb- -foot -rrb- long great white shark , the new zealand herald reported thursday  .
prolific croatian striker dado prso led his team into the euro  finals when he scored the only goal in a second leg victory over slovenia to complete a - victory over two legs on wednesday  .
us president george bush tucked into chicken and cabbage wednesday to the sound of bagpipes and broadway musicals at a lavish state dinner in his honor , hosted by queen elizabeth ii at buckingham palace  .
a south american tourist wounded in a shooting incident on the israel-jordan border on wednesday died of her injuries , israeli hospital sources said  .
a former south african minister and leading anti-apartheid figure wednesday admitted that he did not personally know if the country 's chief prosecutor was a spy for the earlier white-dominated regime  .
superstar michael jackson faces `` multiple counts '' of child molestation and has been ordered to surrender to police , police and prosecutors said wednesday  .
ivorian prime minister seydou diarra met wednesday with ghana president john kufuor , the main regional mediator in the west african country 's fragile peace process , the ghanaian presidential spokesman said  .
italian foreign minister franco frattini will travel to iran sunday for talks with president mohammad khatami , the foreign ministry announced wednesday  .
a student movement that played a key role in overthrowing the regime of former serbian strongman slobodan milosevic announced wednesday it will contest next month 's election as a political party  .
an erotic film diva and an italian government minister were among the high-profile clients of a cocaine trafficker arrested in rome wednesday in a drugs swoop on political and entertainment circles in rome , police said  .
michael jackson 's neverland ranch is a children 's paradise -- perhaps too much so for the good of the pop superstar  .
the united states is not concerned about egypt 's stability in the wake of president hosni mubarak 's illness , a senior state department official said wednesday  .
pharmacists in slovakia may soon no longer be around to fill excessive drug  if lagging insurance payments push them out of business , a senior industry representative warned wednesday  .
combinations of light , water and trees dominated the short list of eight designs unveiled thursday for what will become the main us memorial to the victims of the september  ,  terrorist attacks  .
european union officials will discuss north korea 's controversial nuclear program with the country 's leaders in pyongyang december - , the eu presidency announced wednesday  .
spain beat norway - in the second leg of their euro  play-off here on wednesday to qualify for the finals in portugal next year  .
sierra leone , emerging from a decade of civil war and considered the world 's poorest country by the united nations , is to conduct its first nationwide population census in  years , a senior official said wednesday  .
goal machine raul lived up to his billing as one of the most lethal finishers in world football on wednesday , scoring an opportunist goal to send spain through to the euro  finals at norway 's expense in a whirlwind - win in oslo  .
latvia came from two goals behind to force a - draw with turkey in the second leg of their euro  playoff here on wednesday and booked their first appearance in the finals with a - aggregate victory  .
a spanish judge on wednesday recalled a friend of a briton accused of murdering two teenage spanish girls as a witness and potential suspect  .
the united states wednesday condemned as `` despicable '' and `` venomous anti-semitism '' a series of programs airing on the lebanese television station al-manar , which is operated by the hezbollah militant group  .
goal machine raul lived up to his billing as one of the most lethal finishers in world football on wednesday , scoring an opportunist goal to send spain through to the euro  finals at norway 's expense in a whirlwind - win in oslo  .
former argentine president carlos menem said wednesay he hoped his newborn son , maximo saul , would follow in his footsteps and become national leader of either chile or argentina  .
below are principal dates in the life of pop star michael jackson , charged wednesday by california authorities with multiple counts of child abuse  .
the us government filed fresh charges wednesday against a new york civil rights lawyer accused of providing assistance to imprisoned radical egyptian cleric sheik omar abdel rahman  .
russia crushed wales ' hopes of qualifying for their first international finals since  when they won - in the second leg of the euro  playoff here on wednesday  .
michael jackson considers the child abuse charges against him as `` scurrilous '' and is returning to california immediately to defend himself , a spokesman said wednesday  .
brazil 's central bank wednesday lowered its base interest rate  .
percent to stimulate the nation 's recovering economy  .
michael jackson considers the child abuse charges against him as `` scurrilous '' and is returning to california immediately to defend himself , a spokesman said wednesday  .
britain and the united states stand firm in their determination to defeat `` terrorism , '' queen elizabeth ii told george w .
bush wednesday during a state banquet in london in honor of the us president  .
biometric identification methods such as fingerprints and digital photographs are tomorrow 's technology to ensure security of civil aviation , participants of a conference said here wednesday  .
us president george bush and queen elizabeth ii congratulated each other on the long-standing ties that link their countries at a lavish state dinner wednesday at buckingham palace  .
the un security council said wednesday it was considering setting up a system to monitor the flow of arms into the war-scarred democratic republic of the congo -lrb- drc -rrb-  .
hewlett-packard 's quarterly profit more than doubled from a year ago to  million dollars as the tech giant showed robust sales growth in consumer sales and technology services  .
armenia has joined efforts with iran for the construction of a wind-powered energy station in the former soviet republic 's mountainous north , armenia 's energy ministry said tuesday  .
tunisia scored late in each half to beat south africa - in a bad-tempered friendly international here wednesday  .
the state-owned cuban import firm alimport has reached a deal to use a florida port to ship commodities to cuba , officials said wednesday  .
six people have been charged in connection with last weekend 's bomb attacks on two istanbul synagogues that left  dead , anatolia news agency reported wednesday  .
the -year-old leader of a satanic cult in brazil wednesday denied charges she tortured , castrated and murdered children in black magic rituals over a decade ago and declared , `` i have n't the courage to kill a chicken  .
the -year-old leader of a satanic cult in brazil wednesday denied charges she tortured , castrated and murdered children in black magic rituals over a decade ago and declared , `` i have n't the courage to kill a chicken  .
a paris court on wednesday sentenced four muslim extremists to prison terms of between  months and six years for allegedly planning to bomb a football match between france and algeria in  , but acquitted a fifth man  .
australia 's defense minister robert hill basked in tributes for his country 's role in the iraq and afghan wars and the us anti-terror campaign , as he met secretary of defense donald rumsfeld at the pentagon on wednesday  .
cash registers were ringing at christie 's geneva on wednesday when the world 's largest sapphire ever to go under the hammer fetched  .
million euros -rrb- at a dazzling jewellery auction  .
us officials are investigating an october  hostage-taking in moscow in hopes of prompting legal action against the perpetrators , the director of a civil liberties group told afp wednesday  .
ken brett , the older brother of hall of famer george brett and the youngest pitcher ever to appear in the world series , died of brain cancer tuesday night at the age of   .
atlanta falcons quarterback michael vick suffered a setback wednesday at practice , getting his ankle stepped on during a walk-through  .
the united states and cambodia have signed a deal aimed at halting the trade in priceless artifacts pillaged from the country 's ancient khmer temples , which often wind up on us and western antique markets  .
several hundred demonstrators gathered at the front gates of buckingham palace on wednesday to jeer us president george w .
bush on the first full day of his state visit to britain  .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon returned home overnight wednesday after a three-day visit to staunch european ally italy which focused on extending cooperation in fighting terrorism and anti-semitism  .
the us house of representatives on wednesday unanimously approved a measure designed to discourage individuals from acquiring lions , tigers and other `` big cats '' as pets  .
the entertainment industry quickly distanced itself from michael jackson on wednesday after an arrest warrant was issued against the pop superstar on child molestation charges  .
defense minister robert hill said australia was considering sending `` a few dozen '' trainers to work with the iraqi military thursday but ruled out a major increase in his country 's troop deployment there  .
the us house of representatives on wednesday unanimously approved a measure designed to discourage individuals from acquiring lions , tigers and other `` big cats '' as pets  .
share prices in tokyo opened higher thursday with the nikkei- index gaining  .
scores of anti-globalization activists spent much of the day wednesday building giant paper  puppets and painting signs in preparation for major protests here thursday and friday  .
the international rugby board -lrb- irb -rrb- is to re-examine calls for australia to be allowed to keep the william webb ellis cup for good if they beat england in saturday 's final  .
the fate of british prime minister tony blair 's controversial proposals for shaking up britain 's state-run hospitals were thrown into doubt wednesday when they scraped through the lower house of parliament , only to be thrown out by the upper chamber  .
us lawmakers on wednesday honored the victims of the cambodian genocide carried out from april  to january  , and decried the atrocity as `` one of the worst human tragedies of the modern era  .
louis blues general manager larry  was named to the same post wednesday for the us teams that will participate next year in the world hockey championships and world cup of hockey  .
the houston rockets have another player to complement yao ming in the post  .
the house of representatives on wednesday called for greater religious freedom in vietnam and offered encouragement to its buddhist clergy persecuted for more than two decades by the socialist government  .
an angry beijing has summoned us ambassador to china clark randt to express its `` shock and dissatisfaction '' over a decision to impose quotas on chinese textile imports , state press said thursday  .
between  percent and  percent of us central command personnel will move from florida to qatar to be closer to the us military 's main theater of war , general john abizaid , head of the command said wednesday  .
police have arrested a -year-old man over the alleged contamination with pig meat of feed for , australian sheep destined for the middle east , police said thursday  .
hong kong gold prices opened lower on thursday at  .
us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of  .
prime minister john howard said he did not expect australian interest rates to rise in the short term thursday , even though most analysts are tipping they will go up as early as next month  .
irish prime minister bertie ahern promised to help bulgaria and romania in their efforts join the european union , prior to leaving for a visit to both countries thursday  .
bush , turning a blind eye to british protesters , defended the us-led war on iraq amid new violence and talk of un involvement in stabilizing the war-torn country  .
percent in opening trade thursday spurred by overnight gains on wall street , dealers said  .
us deputy secretary of state richard armitage met here wednesday with belarusian human rights activist irina  , the state department said  .
australian prop ben darwin will not have to undergo an operation on his neck it was revealed on thursday but he still faces an anxious wait to see whether he can ever play again  .
bush will decide in a `` short period of time '' whether or not to rollback disputed steel tariffs that have threatened a new  trade war , secretary of state colin powell said wednesday  .
an angry beijing has summoned us ambassador to china clark randt to express its `` shock and dissatisfaction '' over a decision to cap three types of chinese textile imports , state press said thursday  .
australia 's ailing tourism industry was handed a  million -lrb-  million us -rrb- government rescue package thursday and told by prime minister john howard to go and sell itself to the rest of the world  .
hong kong movie star jackie chan thursday signed a petition urging the thai government to stop the torture of baby elephants for the country 's tourism industry  .
indonesia 's leading environmental watchdog walhi is considering taking the government to court over illegal logging which helped cause a deadly flood , a walhi executive said thursday  .
international ratings agency fitch ratings warned thursday that the ailing credit card sector could damage the ratings of south korean banks and corporations  .
another six hindi-speakers were killed overnight in continuing ethnic violence in india 's northeastern state of assam , police said thursday , bringing to  the death toll in the past week  .
amnesty international said thursday it would make its second visit to military-run myanmar next month to discuss human rights issues including calls for the release of some , political prisoners  .
a molotov cocktail was dropped at the gates of the us consulate in the northern thai city of chiang mai but there were no injuries or damage , police said thursday  .
japan 's nissan motor and nissan diesel motor plan to jointly develop large truck parts with china 's dongfeng motor as part of their mid-term business plan for china 's booming market , a nissan official said thursday  .
oil prices fell in asian trade thursday after a sizeable climb in us crude inventory data , dealers said  .
international companies have made significant inroads in the battle for the cash of china 's urban elite but domestic firms still dominate , a survey report by the far eastern economic review showed thursday  .
percent higher thursday on the back of gains by telecom giant philippine long distance telephone co .
following a firmer wall street performance overnight , dealers said  .
percent in morning trade on thursday tracking gains on wall street , dealers said  .
british newspapers thursday praised a key foreign policy speech in london by us president george w .
bush , in which he appealed to the world 's democracies to stop tolerating tyrants  .
polling for assembly elections in india 's tiny northeastern state of mizoram began thursday following overnight incidents in which three candidates were kidnapped and then freed by police , an official said  .
china 's director of statistics defended the nation 's gdp figures thursday , saying despite imperfections the method of compiling data basically reflected economic growth in the country  .
the united nations thursday launched an appeal for  million dollars in food and medical aid for north korea in  , to help the stalinist nation with its ongoing food and health crisis  .
fiji 's government announced thursday it was extending its ban of turtle killing for another five years from   .
australia have not bothered devising a plan to nullify england fly-half jonny wilkinson in this weekend 's world cup final , wallabies coach eddie jones revealed thursday  .
the international rugby board 's -lrb- irb -rrb- anti-doping manager said thursday that , with just two matches left , the world cup had so far failed to produce a positive drugs test  .
percent higher thursday on the back of gains by telecom giant philippine long distance telephone co .
-lrb- pldt -rrb- following a firmer wall street performance overnight , dealers said  .
australian share prices closed flat thursday as gains by market heavyweight news corp and major banking stocks offset  pressure in the resources sector , dealers said  .
new zealand share prices closed flat thursday , adding just  .
asian champions south korea surprised european silver medallists france with a - win in the men 's volleyball world cup on thursday  .
asian champions south korea surprised european silver medallists france with a - win in the men 's volleyball world cup on thursday  .
percent lower in modest trade thursday as quick profit-taking reversed an early rebound driven by the overnight upturn on wall street , dealers said  .
two iraqi children were killed and two wounded when an explosion ripped through a classroom near the shiite muslim pilgrimage city of karbala , medical staff said thursday  .
the australian government attempted to halt a three-year decline in visitors venturing ` down under ' thursday with a  million australian dollars -lrb-  million us dollar -rrb- rescue package for the country 's tourism industry  .
accomplices of the two suicide bombers who attacked two synagogues in istanbul last week did not flee to dubai , officials said thursday , denying turkish newspaper reports  .
russian president vladimir putin signed a decree lifting all sanctions imposed on libya , the kremlin press service said in a statement thursday  .
liu chunhong of china improved her own world records in the women 's weightlifting kg class en route to a sweep of the gold medals at the world weightlifting championships on wednesday  .
russian president vladimir putin signed a decree lifting all sanctions imposed on libya , the kremlin press service said in a statement thursday  .
percent lower in modest trade thursday as quick profit-taking reversed an early rebound driven by the overnight upturn on wall street , dealers said  .
dubai 's emirates announced thursday six new destinations in  including new york -- the only direct link between the middle east and the united states -- shanghai , vienna , glasgow and lagos as the government-owned airline bids to be a global player  .
sevens rugby could become an olympic sport announced international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- president jacques rogge on thursday if another sport was dropped and it met the strict  required by his body  .
australian prop ben darwin will not have to undergo an operation on his neck it was revealed on thursday but he still faces an anxious wait to see whether he can ever play again  .
australian share prices closed flat thursday as gains by market heavyweight news corp and major banking stocks offset  pressure in the resources sector , dealers said  .
french flanker serge betsen 's six week ban for kicking england scrum-half matt dawson in the head during their world cup semi-final defeat was judged too harsh by team manager jo maso on thursday  .
the house of representatives called for greater religious freedom in vietnam and offered encouragement to its dissident buddhist clergy persecuted for more than two decades by the socialist government  .
north korea said thursday us defense secretary donald rumsfeld 's trip to seoul this week was a `` criminal junket '' and south koreans should rise up to drive us troops from their shores  .
an influential politician who helped topple indonesia 's previous president explained thursday why he believes current leader megawati sukarnoputri should also go  .
a second-half cameo appearance on mexico 's frontline by legendary goalkeeper jorge campos could not help the tricolores avoid a scoreless draw with iceland in an international friendly here on wednesday  .
sri lanka 's government thursday offered an olive branch to the president to end their power struggle , saying it was willing to share responsibility for the economy and the tamil tiger peace process  .
india 's ruling hindu nationalist bjp party will be the underdog when it takes on the opposition congress in provincial elections seen as a barometer for national polls , bookies said thursday  .
motor vehicle sales in malaysia dropped  percent in october from a year ago to , units , but were  .
percent higher from september , according to figures published thursday  .
a multi-faith coalition from across asia thursday attempted to rally support for a campaigning movement to end violence against women  .
a us citizen along with three arab nationals have been sentenced to four years in prison by a dubai court , on charges of possessing and using drugs , a newspaper reported thursday  .
percent lower thursday on continued foreign investor selling , with sentiment hit by concerns about ailing credit card companies and a bribery probe into conglomerates , dealers said  .
percent higher thursday , extending the previous day 's solid gains as investors joined heavy institution-led buying in the oversold technology sector , dealers said  .
asian champions south korea defeated the european silver medallists france in the world cup men 's volleyball tournament on thursday  .
indonesia 's military on thursday reported  more rebel deaths in aceh , a day after the government put the province under military rule for another six months in hopes of crushing a separatist revolt  .
german media giant bertelsmann said thursday that its supervisory board chairman gerd  was quitting as a result of differences with the group 's management board over strategy  .
as the first glasses of beaujolais nouveau were poured after midnight struck thursday , producers of the youthful french wine had every reason to toast japan which has overtaken germany as the world 's biggest importer of the purple plonk  .
hong kong gold prices closed lower on thursday at  .
us dollars an ounce compared with the previous day 's closing rate of  .
percent thursday as late selective selling pushed the market into negative territory , dealers said  .
malaysian cell phone operator maxis communications said thursday its tie-up with  has been completed on schedule and will boost subscriber growth as it seeks to close the gap with rival celcom  .
two iraqis were killed and  wounded in a car bomb explosion overnight outside the home of a leading tribal sheikh in this western town , medical sources said thursday  .
saudi women are to be allowed to open their own pharmacies , but only in commercial centers designated for women , a senior government official was quoted as saying thursday  .
pakistani forces are swooping on suspected taliban supporters near the southwest border with afghanistan and have arrested more than  afghan `` illegal immigrants , '' officials said thursday  .
south korean activists on thursday scored a victory in their court battle against the country 's biggest business group over alleged illegal political donations  .
world champions brazil let slip a two-goal lead and needed a second ronaldo strike to scrape a - draw with uruguay on wednesday as the south american  world cup qualifying competition heated up  .
china denied thursday that a date had been fixed for another round of six-party talks on north korea 's nuclear ambitions , saying a date was still being negotiated  .
torrential rains and strong winds whipped up by tropical storm nepartak caused  .
billion yuan -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- in economic losses to china 's southern island province of hainan , state media said thursday  .
humbled on the battlefields of vietnam three decades ago , the united states also found itself on the end of another beating here thursday , this time on the volleyball court  .
lawyers for nine of  students deported from pakistan and detained in malaysia for alleged terror links sought their release thursday ahead of the muslim festival of eid-al-fitr  .
slain french un worker bettina goislard was buried thursday in a quiet ceremony at kabul 's british cemetery , five days after her murder in southeast afghanistan by suspected taliban  .
experts on terrorism will attend an international conference held in the saudi capital in february to ascertain ways of combating extremism and the role islam can play in halting violence , a daily said  .
some  chinese police are under investigation for drinking on duty , drinking and driving or carrying firearms while under the influence of alcohol , state press said thursday  .
percent higher thursday , extending wednesday 's solid gains as investors joined in heavy institution-led buying in the oversold technology sector , dealers said  .
palestinian factions will meet in cairo on december  to continue talks on a suspension of anti-israeli attacks , senior officials from islamic groups said thursday  .
percent thursday as weak regional markets and a lack of fresh news led investors to trim their holdings of banking stocks , pushing the market into negative territory , dealers said  .
switzerland 's top telecommunications operator , swisscom , said thursday it expected its full-year net profit to grow , after it posted a  .
percent increase in net profit for the first nine months of  to  .
billion swiss francs -lrb-  million euros ,  .
percent in the third quarter from the second quarter , french statistics agency insee said thursday , confirming an initial estimate and  another sign that france is on the road to recovery  .
manchester united manager alex ferguson admits he leeds united paid too much for rio ferdinand but is convinced the under-fire england defender will eventually justify his  million pound fee  .
four strong explosions were reported in istanbul thursday , television stations said , one near a bank and another near the british consulate  .
taiwan 's main opposition kuomintang -lrb- kmt -rrb- will push for a public vote on the opening of direct transport links with china once a referendum law is adopted later this year , a kmt parliamentarian said thursday  .
percent higher thursday on institutional buying of select blue chips after recent sustained losses , dealers said  .
part of the british consulate in istanbul has been destroyed in an explosion , an afp correspondent on the scene said  .
part of the british consulate in istanbul has been destroyed in an explosion , an afp correspondent on the scene said  .
part of the british consulate in istanbul has been destroyed by an explosion , an afp correspondent on the scene said  .
european stock markets fell into loss in early trading on thursday as investors took fright at reports of a series of explosions in istanbul  .
german media giant bertelsmann said thursday it was returned to a bottom-line profit in the third quarter of the current year , thanks largely to an improved operating performance and windfall gains from divestments  .
two annexes fronting the british consulate in istanbul have been destroyed by at least one explosion , an afp correspondent on the scene said , as a series of powerful blasts rocked the city  .
the old british cemetery where slain french un worker bettina goislard was buried thursday is the last resting place for the th century 's imperial warriors and explorers who also died in afghanistan  .
stuttgart , germany , nov  -lrb- afp -rrb- vfb stuttgart 's brazilian defender marcelo bordon says he will leave the club if german internationals andreas hinkel and kevin kuranyi are sold  .
australian test paceman jason gillespie ran riot as south australia seemingly took an iron grip on the sheffield shield clash with new south wales in adelaide thursday  .
oil-rich kuwait has agreed in principle to supply iraq with oil products to meet winter shortages as well as allow baghdad to use its terminals to export oil , an official said thursday  .
fitch ratings , the international rating agency , has upgraded bahrain 's gulf international bank 's -lrb- gib -rrb- long-term foreign currency rating to a - from bbb + , according to a statement published on thursday  .
police in central beijing thursday rounded up scores of angry citizens who staged a protest outside the headquarters of the ruling communist party after formal complaints to the government fell on deaf ears  .
percent higher thursday on institutional buying of select blue chips after recent sustained losses , dealers said  .
european stock markets fell into loss in early trading on thursday as investors took fright at reports of a series of explosions in istanbul  .
percent higher thursday on technical rebound led by index heavyweights telkom and indosat , with sentiment supported by recovery in wall street and regional markets , dealers said  .
indonesia 's military chief on thursday shrugged off an admission by aceh 's martial law administrator that fewer than one-third of the province 's people support the extension of military rule there  .
pakistan intensified its latest crackdown against islamic radicals thursday , outlawing another three groups including a gang linked to the murder of us reporter daniel pearl  .
a string of explosions -- five according to some reports -- rocked istanbul on thursday , killing at least five people , reports said  .
the wife of prominent jailed property lawyer zheng enchong and her sister said thursday they were abducted in beijing by chinese authorities and forced onto a train for shanghai  .
lisa raymond steered the united states , chasing an unprecedented th title , into the fed cup world group final here thursday by beating belgium 's elke clijsters in straight sets  .
percent thursday due to ongoing sales of blue-chip stocks by overseas investors , dealers said  .
banking giant hsbc said it was investigating reports of blasts near its offices in istanbul on thursday , but that details of the explosions were `` sketchy ''  .
iran must be cited for its violations of nuclear non-proliferation agreements but credit must also be given to the new page it has turned on cooperating with international inspectors , the head of the un nuclear watchdog said thursday  .
part of the british consulate in istanbul collapsed on thursday when it was hit in a wave of explosions that rocked the turkish city  .
, the private sector arm of the world bank said thursday it expects a - percent average annual return on its  .
million us dollar investment in chinese supermarket chain wumart stores  .
six schoolchildren were injured in indian-administered kashmir thursday when a hand grenade they fiddled with exploded , a police spokesman said  .
the highly fragmented retail banking sector in germany is in need of consolidation , the head of the country 's biggest bank , deutsche bank , said in a newspaper interview published thursday  .
police in central beijing thursday rounded up scores of angry citizens who staged a protest outside the headquarters of the ruling communist party after formal complaints to the government fell on deaf ears  .
the leader of georgia 's biggest opposition party said the results of a parliamentary election , due to be announced later thursday , would be fraudulent and he would not accept them  .
china said thursday it may hike tariffs on some us imports if washington fails to comply with last week 's world trade organization ruling that steel tariffs violated global trade rules  .
rubber prices in singapore climbed thursday on smaller volumes , dealers said  .
ankara and moscow have reached agreement on a price dispute that had paralysed the operations of a newly-inaugurated natural gas pipeline linking russia and turkey , the russian gas monopoly gazprom announced thursday  .
the explosions thursday in istanbul bear `` all the hallmarks '' of osama bin laden 's al-qaeda network and its associates , british foreign secretary jack straw said  .
the international credit rating agency , moody 's , said thursday it was raising its outlook for the german banking sector to `` stable '' from `` negative '' thanks to a `` marked recovery in their financial resilience ''  .
the imam of al azhar , the leading institution of sunni muslim learning , said in remarks published thursday that he condemned bombings in saudi arabia and turkey as `` the most infamous '' of acts banned by god  .
european stock markets fell into loss in early trading on thursday as investors took fright at reports of a series of explosions in istanbul  .
`` three or four '' employees of the british consulate general in istanbul are missing after a wave of explosions in turkey 's biggest city , foreign secretary jack straw said  .
russian president vladimir putin on thursday warned that the threat of international terrorism was still very much alive and urged more international coordination in fighting the scourge  .
germany coach rudi voller claims the current crop of under- players are similar to his generation that went on to win the  world cup in italy  .
percent higher thursday on technical rebound led by index heavyweights telkom and indosat , with sentiment supported by recovery in wall street and regional markets , dealers said  .
britons flocked to the high streets in unexpectedly large numbers during october , helping retail sales grow twice as quickly as expected over the month , official figures showed on thursday  .
percent thursday in the absence of any fresh buying support from foreign funds , dealers said  .
turkish interior minister abdulkadir aksu said two explosions rocked istanbul thursday , adding that they may have been a `` second wave '' of attacks after saturday 's double synagogue bombings , the anatolia news agency reported  .
leading polish petrochemicals group pkn orlen and hungarian oil and gas trading company mol signed thusday a memorandum of understanding opening the way for a merger which would create central europe 's biggest energy company  .
an armed gang has stormed two us-owned oil platforms in the sea off southern nigeria and is holding  workers  , energy giant chevrontexaco said thursday  .
bush arrived at downing street on thursday for talks with british prime minister tony blair suddenly overshadowed by deadly bomb blasts in istanbul  .
an armed gang has stormed two us-owned oil platforms in the sea off southern nigeria and is holding  workers  , energy giant chevrontexaco said thursday  .
pro exports to china , he noted , are up  .
about  lawyers demonstrated thursday in this northern city against the arrest by us forces of two colleagues suspected of supporting saddam hussein , an afp correspondent reported  .
the german electronics giant siemens said thursday it expects the worldwide market for mobile telephones to grow by  percent from an anticipated base of  million handsets this year  .
the head of the iraqi governing council , jalal talabani , said the iraqis must bear the brunt of the fighting in their country if they want to `` own their new democracy , '' in a commentary thursday in the wall street journal  .
munich 's chinese star jiayi shao is set to make his debut in the commentary box for saturday 's derby match against bayern munich with live coverage of the match relayed to china  .
bilfinger berger , germany 's second-biggest construction company , said thursday that one-off gains from the sale of its stake in heating technology specialist buderus inflated bottom-line profits in the third quarter of this year , but underlying earnings also improved  .
italian police have issued arrest warrants against two friends of montenegrin prime minister milo djukanovic over alleged cigarette smuggling , officials said thursday  .
thirty-four legislators from war-torn north and northeastern uganda have walked out of parliament and vowed not to return until the government finds a peaceful solution to the  conflict in their region , one of them said on thursday  .
italy expressed solidarity with turkey and britain after blasts which rocked istanbul on thursday , leaving at least  dead and more than  injured  .
the world bank warned thursday that deteriorating security was undermining reconstruction in afghanistan , as the th aid worker to be killed in the war-ravaged country this year was buried in kabul  .
bush arrived at downing street on thursday for talks with british prime minister tony blair suddenly overshadowed by deadly bomb blasts in istanbul  .
the un international fund for agricultural development -lrb- ifad -rrb- chief lennart  has arrived in ethiopia to advise the country on ways of overcoming decades of drought and food insecurity , an ifad statement said thursday  .
the death toll from suicide bombings that targeted british interests in istanbul on thursday rose to  with  wounded , the anatolia news agency reported , quoting the city 's health department  .
wales manager mark hughes admits he might lose his job after they failed to qualify for euro  following their - defeat to russia on wednesday  .
royal philips electronics nv chief executive gerard kleisterlee said thursday he expects a `` good '' fourth quarter , adding that the company 's recent restructuring programs `` are bearing fruit ''  .
britain 's ambassador to uzbekistan has once again returned to britain on health grounds amid a political storm over his vociferous criticism of the west 's anti-terror ally tashkent  .
oil prices gained ground on thursday in the wake of presumed terrorist bombings which hit the british consulate and the offices of the hsbc bank in istanbul  .
turkish authorities tried to ban broadcasting from two bomb sites in istanbul where at least  people were killed and more than  were injured thursday , the television channel cnn-turk said  .
at least  people died and  were injured in the suicide bombings that targeted british interests in istanbul on thursday , the anatolia news agency reported , giving a new toll quoting the city 's health department  .
uefa have confirmed hosts portugal , defending champions france , sweden and the czech republic as the seeds for next year 's european championship finals in portugal  .
percent thursday due to ongoing sales of blue-chip stocks by overseas investors amid concerns over the market 's uncertain direction , dealers said  .
the environmental group , wwf , warned thursday that illegal driftnets cast by moroccan , french and italian fishermen continue to kill thousands of dolphins in the mediterranean each year and urged eu governments to implement a new law banning the practice  .
italy 's foreign minister franco frattini condemned thursday 's attacks istanbul which left at least  dead and hundreds injured , saying the international community would respond with even more strength and determination in the war against terror  .
explosions have rocked british diplomatic missions and the hsbc bank in turkey at least three times earlier this year , though none were nearly as deadly or powerful as those thursday in istanbul  .
us forces using helicopters and tanks killed  people who had attacked a civilian coalition convoy in the north-central iraqi city of samarra , a spokesman for the th infantry division said thursday  .
kenyan 's ruling national rainbow coalition -lrb- narc -rrb- has won two parliamentary by-elections , the electoral commission of kenya announced in a statement released thursday  .
british prime minister tony blair said thursday there can be `` no holding back '' in the fight against global terrorism , at a joint press conference in london with us president george w .
the netherlands has donated one million dollars -lrb- , euros -rrb- to help fund a west african force policing a ceasefire in ivory coast , officials said thursday  .
martha lane fox , co-founder of internet pioneer lastminute .
com , is to quit her post at the online travel shop next year , the company announced thursday as it reported its first annual profit  .
at least  people died and  were injured in two huge bomb blasts that targeted british interests in istanbul on thursday , anatolia news agency reported , giving a new toll quoting the city 's health department  .
banking giant hsbc said it had suffered `` a number of fatalities '' among its staff in a blast which hit its offices in istanbul on thursday , one of two presumed terrorist attacks in the city  .
tokyo share prices rebounded thursday but most of the region 's other major bourses were flat to lower because of a lack of fresh leads  .
an islamic militant holed up near indian kashmir 's army headquarters , a soldier and a civilian were killed thursday in fighting on the third day of a stand-off between rebels and troops , officials said  .
british consul-general roger short is missing and feared dead in the bomb attack thursday that destroyed part of the consulate in istanbul , a diplomatic source said  .
the un world food programme -lrb- wfp -rrb- warned thursday that kenyan children could be forced to drop out of school if donors fail to deliver  million dollars to sustain the agency 's school meal program in the east african country  .
bush condemned the istanbul suicide bomb attacks thursday , saying in london that it showed once again that terrorists `` hate freedom ''  .
uefa said thursday the draw for the  european  under  finals will be held on feb  in the host country which will be chosen on dec   .
palestinian factions will meet in cairo on december  to continue talks on a suspension of anti-israeli attacks , senior officials from islamic groups said thursday  .
moscow ,  , while heading russia 's electricity system  ...
thinks nothing of heading the sps campaign , which is heading into the elections under  slogans , '' dmitry rogozin , one of the deputies , told moscow echo radio  .
slain french un worker bettina goislard was buried thursday in a quiet ceremony at kabul 's british cemetery , five days after her murder in southeastern afghanistan by suspected taliban  .
poland expressed its `` deep pain '' following the huge bomb blasts that targetted british interests in istanbul on thursday , killing at least  people and injuring hundreds  .
kuwait 's aviation lease and finance company -lrb- alafco -rrb- on thursday reported a six-fold increase in profits for the past fiscal year  .
english premiership club chelsea were waiting to hear from european football 's governing body uefa if they would have to play their champions league match against besiktas next month in istanbul  .
banking giant hsbc said it had suffered `` a number of fatalities '' among its staff in a blast which hit its offices in istanbul on thursday , one of two presumed terrorist attacks in the city  .
president pervez musharraf thursday urged pakistan 's radical islamic seminaries , accused of breeding fundamentalists , to produce doctors , engineers and bankers instead  .
britain 's foreign office warned its citizens against `` all but the most essential '' travel to turkey 's largest city istanbul following two bomb attacks there thursday against british interests  .
the baltic state of latvia held morning after celebrations thursday for their national soccer team whose - draw against turkey in istanbul secured the country 's first appearance in the european championships final next year in portugal  .
three afghan soldiers and a taliban fighter were killed in two separate attacks by the militants in southern afghanistan , officials said on thursday  .
leading polish petrochemicals group pkn orlen and hungarian oil and gas trading company mol signed a memorandum of understanding on thursday opening the way to a merger which would create central europe 's biggest energy company  .
hundreds of thousands of people voted thursday in india 's northeastern mizoram state , where the balloting passed of peacefully after an overnight scare when three candidates were abducted  .
zimbabwe has signed five african union treaties , including pacts on human and women 's rights , corruption and the environment , the au said thursday  .
an iraqi woman and her six sons were arrested in the hotspot western town of fallujah for `` operating an independent anti-coalition cell , '' the us military said thursday  .
european football 's governing body uefa said thrusday they were urgently reviewing security in turkey following thursday 's blasts in istanbul to decide if two matches will be played next week  .
french fans of wanted us pop icon michael jackson are planning a rally in his defense saturday afternoon on the champs elysees , according to a message on a dedicated internet site  .
the european union condemned thursday the bomb attacks in istanbul as barbaric and evil , and expressed its solidarity with turkey and london in the fight against terror  .
athletics kenya -lrb- ak -rrb- are to demand that the world steeplechase record set in  by bernard barmasai be reinstated following the suspension of brahim boulami of morocco for doping  .
indian cricketer abhijit kale faces a life ban from the game after he reportedly offered bribes to the selectors to get picked for the national ` a ' team , sources said on thursday  .
italy 's prime minister silvio berlusconi condemned thursday 's `` savage '' attacks in istanbul which left at least  dead and hundreds injured  .
qatar petroleum -lrb- qp -rrb- and exxon mobil have acquired  percent in the edison gas ' adriatic liquefied natural gas -lrb- lng -rrb- terminal project off italy , the companies said in a statement thursday  .
british banking giant hsbc said thursday it was closing all its branches in turkey for security reasons after its headquarters in istanbul were hit by a massive car bomb attack , anatolia news agency reported  .
british prime minister tony blair said thursday there can be `` no holding back '' in the fight against the `` evil '' of global terrorism , at a joint press conference in london with us president george w .
prime minister ivica racan believes croatia 's future as a fully integrated european state is on the line in sunday 's general elections , the first since nationalists were ousted from power almost four years ago  .
croatian nationalist leader ivo sanader has worked hard to escape his party 's autocratic past and build an image of himself as a modern conservative with a european outlook  .
syria strongly condemned the `` terrorist '' suicide bomb attacks against british interests in istanbul on thursday that killed at least  people and injured   .
at least six people died and dozens were wounded in two car bombings in iraq amid a new flare-up of violence as us president george w .
bush and british prime minister tony blair vowed thursday to complete the job of taming terrorism and stabilising the country  .
india 's jeev milkha singh took the first day honors at the , us dollar taiwan open with a superb seven-under-par  on thursday  .
french president jacques chirac condemned `` in the strongest terms '' thursday 's two bomb attacks against british targets in istanbul that left at least  dead and  injured , his spokeswoman said  .
israeli foreign minister silvan shalom condemned thursday 's `` shocking '' attacks in istanbul which left at least  people dead only five days after suicide bombings of two synagogues in the turkish city  .
wales have asked manager mark hughes to help the country reach the  world cup finals after failing to qualify for euro  following their - defeat to russia on wednesday  .
indian cricketer abhijit kale faces a life ban from the game after he allegedly offered bribes to the selectors to get picked for the national a team , officials said on thursday  .
the foreign office warned british nationals against `` all but the most essential '' travel to turkey 's metropolis istanbul following bomb attacks there thursday against british interests  .
jordanian foreign minister marwan moasher condemned thursday 's bombings of british interests in istanbul that killed at least  people only five days after suicide attacks on two synagogues in the turkish city  .
mol oil and gas company , hungary 's sector leader , said thursday it had expressed interest in the privatization of the czech government 's majority stake in unipetrol  .
two russian deputies called thursday for the dismissal of the national power monopoly chief anatoly chubais because he heads a political party that has criticized kremlin policy ahead of parliamentary elections  .
at least six people died and dozens were wounded in two car bombings in iraq amid a new flare-up of violence as us president george w .
bush and british prime minister tony blair vowed thursday to complete the job of taming terrorism and stabilising the country  .
saudi arabian stocks closed the week thursday up  .
percent , driven largely by a surge in the shares of saudi electricity corp .
-lrb- sabic -rrb- , bakheet financial advisers -lrb- bfa -rrb- said  .
a -year-old boy died and seven other people were injured thursday when a blaze tore through a cluttered shantytown of nearly , people in the western indian city of bombay , firefighters said  .
mol oil and gas company , hungary 's sector leader , said thursday it had expressed interest in the privatization of the czech government 's majority stake in unipetrol  .
us federal reserve chairman alan greenspan on thursday warned against `` clouds of emerging protectionism '' in the united states and other countries that threaten world trade  .
eritrea said thursday it had recalled its ambassador to the african union -lrb- au -rrb- to protest the organization 's `` silence '' over ethiopia 's rejection of a ruling about the disputed border separating the horn of africa states  .
iran condemned thursday 's devastating bomb blasts in istanbul in a telephone call from deputy interior minister  ahmadi to his turkish counterpart , the official news agency irna reported  .
federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said thursday he saw `` little evidence of stress '' for the united states to fund its huge current account deficit  .
courses in hebrew , the language of syria 's enemy israel , are being taught to fourth-year communications students at the university of damascus since september , academic sources said here thursday  .
nine people died and  were injured thursday when a bus collided with a truck in the former soviet republic of azerbaijan , police said  .
german airline lufthansa believes that a tie-up with its swiss counterpart , swiss , is still possible , despite the latter 's recent alignment with british airways , lufthansa 's chief financial officer karl-ludwig kley said on thursday  .
matti nykaenen , finland 's most successful ski jumper ever whose drinking and  have been well documented by the tabloids , is to shoot a film  .
at least  people were killed and more than  injured in the two powerful bomb attacks against british interests in istanbul , interior minister abdulkadir aksu told reporters here  .
british consul-general roger short is missing and feared dead in the bomb attack thursday that destroyed part of the consulate in istanbul , a diplomatic source said  .
round-the-world sailor and vendee globe organiser philippe  was given a suspended two year prison sentence thursday for tax evasion  .
indian cricketer abhijit kale faces a life ban from the game after he allegedly offered bribes to the selectors to get picked for the national a team , officials said on thursday  .
illegal driftnets cast by moroccan , french and italian fishermen continue to kill thousands of dolphins in the mediterranean each year despite an eu ban on the practice , the environmental group wwf warned thursday  .
us federal reserve chairman alan greenspan called thursday for action to counter `` creeping protectionism '' in the united states and elsewhere that threaten the world economy  .
the head of the organisation of petroleum exporting countries insisted on thursday that oil markets were well supplied despite the current price surge , as he gave backing to a new un body aimed at harnessing the security of global energy supplies  .
a syrian kurdish party and detainees has deteriorated in the course of the last three years relative to that in the s  .
england fast bowler james anderson was on thursday ruled out of the remaining two one-dayers against sri lanka due to an ankle injury , dealing a blow to the tourists ' hopes of winning the series  .
five thousand palestinians will be allowed to access jerusalem 's al-aqsa mosque compound for the last prayers of the holy muslim fasting month of ramadan , the israeli army announced thursday  .
nato secretary general george robertson condemned thursday the attacks in istanbul as an outrageous attack on democratic values , vowing the alliance 's solidarity in the face of the `` scourge '' of terrorism  .
great britain coach david waite has named a new center pairing of martin gleeson and lee gilmour for the third rugby league test against world champions australia on saturday  .
moves to evacuate the white house were halted thursday after concerns over an airspace violation were resolved , a senior administration official said  .
the vatican strongly condemned thursday 's bomb attacks against british interests in istanbul , saying terrorism was a crime against humanity  .
renewed terrorism fears sent us stocks lower in opening trade thursday after two attacks in turkey , including a deadly bomb attack that destroyed part of the british consulate in istanbul  .
english premiership club chelsea were waiting to hear from european football 's governing body uefa if they would have to play their champions league match against besiktas next month in istanbul  .
bush on thursday held out the possibility that us troop levels in iraq could rise despite his intention to begin drawing down their numbers next year  .
people magazine has named johnny depp its `` sexiest man alive '' for  , citing the hollywood heartthrob 's new-found  and maturity in the wake of parenthood  .
weekend talks between french interior minister nicolas sarkozy and british home secretary david blunkett on illegal immigration have been pushed back until early  , sarkozy 's office said thursday  .
leaders of  central and eastern european countries began meeting thursday in warsaw in their last summit before the european union 's eastwards expansion next year  .
pakistan , a frontline state in the global war against terrorism , denounced thursday 's deadly bomb blasts in istanbul , urging muslim countries to be vigilant against such attacks  .
leaders of  central and eastern european countries met on thursday in warsaw for their last summit before the european union 's eastwards expansion next year  .
tens of thousands of protesters set off thursday on a march through london against the iraq war and the ongoing state visit to britain by us president george w .
bush , an afp reporter at the scene said  .
leading german tourist operators said they did not expect business to be hit permanently by the latest bomb attacks in istanbul , which claimed at least  lives thursday  .
dozens of israelis undeterred by twin attacks on istanbul synagogues last week aborted their holiday trips to turkey following a new spate of bombings thursday , public radio reported  .
hundreds of anti-globalization protestors clashed with police here thursday , as trade ministers from across the americas met to discuss a pact that would result in the world 's largest free market area  .
the president of the moscow bar on thursday accused the authorities of harassing attorneys representing oil giant yukos and its jailed founder mikhail khodorkovsky  .
independent experts from a pan-european grouping have condemned the police and court system of montenegro for what they said was incorrect handling of a high-profile case involving the trafficking of women for prostitution  .
a reporter in the ukrainian city of odessa was hospitalized after assailants beat him up , apparently for writing articles critical of city authorities , he said thursday  .
spain , a key ally of the united states and britain over iraq , on thursday expressed outrage at the bomb blasts which rocked istanbul , killing least  people and injuring some  more  .
tycoon conrad black stepped down two days ahead of schedule as chief executive of media giant hollinger international , as the company scrambled to provide key financial documents to us regulators  .
the former head coach of finland 's nordic ski team ,   , was charged thursday with smuggling illegal performance-enhancing drugs used by his athletes during the world championships in lahti two years ago  .
britain 's royal household plans to take legal action to gag a london tabloid newspaper after an undercover reporter exposed a security lapse at buckingham palace , the palace said thursday  .
schalke  midfielder sven  has  a dramatic u-turn and decided he now wants to stay at the arena auf schalke  .
the index of leading economic indicators , a closely watched barometer of future us growth prospects , rose a better-than-expected  .
percent in october , the conference board said thursday  .
the finnish government on thursday approved a controversial bill that would enshrine in law the president 's role in religious proclamations read out in churches throughout the country  .
the colourful life of matti nykaenen , finland 's most successful ski jumper ever whose drinking and  have been well documented by the tabloids , is to be the subject of a new film  .
the united states on thursday closed its consulate in istanbul to the public , and advised us citizens to avoid the building , following the deadly bomb attacks on british interests in the turkish city , a state department official said in london  .
a plastic mickey mouse toy gun distributed to more than , children as a gift in the latest issue of the swedish version of a comic book could be deadly , the country 's consumer agency warned thursday  .
the united states warned thursday that more terrorist attacks were possible in istanbul , and closed its consulate following deadly bomb attacks on british interests in the turkish city , a state department official said in london  .
china thursday condemned the twin bomb blasts against british interests in  that have killed at least  , calling terrorism a `` disaster '' for humankind  .
kenyan president mwai kibaki on thursday announced that the much-delayed privatisation of state-owned telkom kenya , which has a monopoly on the country 's land lines and international traffic , will be completed by june   .
china thursday condemned the twin bomb blasts against british interests in istanbul that have killed at least  , calling terrorism a `` disaster '' for humankind  .
a spokesman for georgia 's president eduard shevardnadze thursday denied a german press report that the georgian leader had acquired a -million-dollar -lrb- -million-euro -rrb- luxury villa in southwest germany  .
leaders of a -nation grouping of central and eastern european nations met in warsaw on thursday for their last summit before the european union 's eastwards expansion next year  .
the massive blasts which shattered two major british institutions in turkey 's biggest city on thursday focussed the spotlight on a previously little known extremist group for the second time in a week  .
hundreds of anti-globalization protestors clashed with police here thursday , as trade ministers from across the americas met to discuss a pact that would result in the world 's largest free market area  .
french prime minister jean-pierre raffarin on thursday reiterated paris 's support for romania 's bid to join the european union after talks with visiting romanian president ion iliescu  .
india on thursday condemned the bomb attacks against british interests in istanbul that killed at least  , saying the blasts in the turkish city highlighted the need for a united war on terrorism  .
the united states warned thursday that more terrorist attacks were possible in istanbul , and closed its consulate following deadly twin bomb attacks on british interests in the turkish city  .
the founders of investment firm pilgrim baxter and the pbhg mutual funds were charged with securities fraud thursday by the securities and exchange commission and new york attorney general eliot spitzer  .
the two suicide car bomb blasts which killed at least  people , including the british consul general , and injured more than  on thursday , were the latest in a long line of attacks in the past two decades of turkey 's turbulent political history  .
european parliament president pat cox has received a letter apparently from the militant basque separatist group eta , his spokesman said thursday without specifying its contents  .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan presented his condolences to britain following thursday 's massive bomb attack against the british consulate in istanbul  .
the mental health of asylum seekers worsens dramatically if they are detained and many plunge into a deep depression , according to a us study published on saturday in the lancet , the british medical weekly  .
a schoolyard row between -year-old girls escalated into a sectarian riot that left  churches burned ,  shops looted and a young man fighting for his life , witnesses said here thursday  .
the european parliament thursday killed proposed reforms to eu labor laws covering dockers which had sparked a series of strikes across european ports  .
iraqi police have arrested several people suspected of involvement in the truck-bomb attack on the un headquarters in baghdad that killed  people on august   .
joe calzaghe , who is recovering from flu , said thursday he was postponing next month 's defense of his wbo super-middleweight title against armenia 's    .
colombian goalkeeper oscar cordoba annouced thursday that he was retiring from the national side for personal reasons and not because of the crisis within the team  .
australian batsman brad hodge on thursday penned a new one-year deal with english county cricket side leicestershire  .
one us soldier was killed and two wounded thursday when a military convoy was hit by a roadside bomb near the western iraqi town of ramadi , a us military spokesman said  .
an american citizen was detained at moscow 's international airport after customs found an undeclared icon , paintings and medals on him , russian news agencies reported thursday  .
lithuania 's parliamentary parties have started discussing whether president rolandas paksas should be impeached , three weeks after a security services report accused his office of mafia links , party officials said thursday  .
israeli  condolences on behalf of israel to the government and peoples of both turkey and the united kingdom '' , a statement said  .
the -month crisis crippling ivory coast looked no nearer to resolution thursday after talks between ex-rebels and prime minister seydou diarra failed to return the rebels to the unity government they abandoned in september  .
number two computer chipmaker advanced micro devices said thursday it would spend  .
billion dollars in the next four years to build a state-of-the-art manufacturing plant in dresden , germany  .
stock markets all over the middle east , except the palestinian al-quds index , posted robust gains this week , most of them capitalising on strong rises recorded during the previous trading week  .
fourteen kurdish rebels were killed thursday in clashes with the turkish army in a predominantly kurdish eastern province , officials said  .
countries across the middle east , including turkey 's neighbors iran and syria and close ally israel , condemned thursday 's massive bomb blasts against british interests in istanbul which killed  people  .
the german court trying a moroccan man for conspiracy in the september  attacks will deliver its verdict in early december , presiding judge klaus ruehle said on thursday  .
the two sets of bomb attacks which have rocked istanbul in the past days bear all the hallmarks of osama bin laden 's al-qaeda network , senior israeli intelligence sources said thursday  .
un secretary general kofi annan on thursday condemned the deadly suicide attacks on british interests in istanbul that killed at least  people  .
after his first few weeks at new club wolves former england great paul gascoigne admitted thursday he 's finding the training is taking its toll on his -year-old body  .
a comprehensive health plan for aids sufferers in south africa will see life-extending antiretroviral drugs distributed to around , people over the next four months , the government said thursday  .
at least  people including the british consul general were killed and more than  injured in two powerful bomb attacks against the istanbul consulate and a british bank , interior minister abdulkadir aksu told the anatolia news agency  .
visiting german foreign minister joschka fischer expressed his country 's `` shock and dismay '' here thursday after the attacks on british interests that killed at least  people in istanbul  .
us stocks floundered in early trade thursday as strong economic reports failed to shake off jitters about security in the wake of two terrorist bombings in turkey that roiled global markets  .
sixteen british anti-terrorist officers are to head to istanbul to assist turkish authorities in investigating the twin  bomb blasts on british interests in  on thursday , scotland yard said  .
european stock markets , shaken by the bombings in istanbul , turned weaker here thursday , with the london ftse  giving up  .
debt-ridden dundee are on the brink of bankruptcy but have told their fans they are doing all they can to ensure the club 's future  .
the european union condemned thursday the bomb attacks in istanbul as barbaric and evil , and expressed its solidarity with turkey and london in the fight against terror  .
the united states warned thursday that more terrorist attacks were possible in istanbul and closed its consulate following deadly twin bomb attacks on british interests in the turkish city  .
the head of the organisation of petroleum exporting countries insisted thursday that oil markets were well supplied despite the current price surge , as he gave backing to a new un body aimed at harnessing the security of global energy supplies  .
hundreds of anti-globalization protestors clashed with police here thursday , as trade ministers from across the americas met to discuss a pact that would result in the world 's largest free market area  .
un secretary general kofi annan on thursday played down russia 's call for an international conference on iraq 's political future , saying it was unclear whether that was how iraqis want to proceed  .
the leaders of the imf and world bank appealed thursday for renewed efforts to advance global trade talks , saying removing trade barriers is `` the single most powerful tool '' to reduce poverty and boost living standards  .
citibank has closed its branches in turkey after deadly bombing attacks in istanbul , the corporation said thursday  .
three-time champions iran became the latest nation to book their place in the  asian cup finals after a - win against lebanon here on wednesday  .
bush on thursday held out the possibility that us troop levels in iraq could rise despite his intention to begin drawing down their numbers next year  .
zimbabwe have made two changes to their team for the first of five one-day internationals against west indies starting here saturday  .
police in sweden said thursday they had launched an investigation into reports that someone may have injected rat poison into meat on supermarket shelves , saying animal rights activists may be involved  .
us federal reserve chairman alan greenspan called thursday for action to counter `` creeping protectionism '' in the united states and elsewhere that threaten the global economy  .
a linguist at the us base in guantanamo bay , cuba who helped interrogate suspected al-qaeda and taliban fighters , pleaded not-guilty thursday to  charges  .
a lack of discipline in budgetary policy could fuel inflationary pressures in the -country eurozone , the european central bank president jean-claude trichet said thursday in a warning to governments to rein in their runaway deficits  .
manufacturing activity expanded at a slower pace in november in the philadelphia region , the federal reserve bank of philadelphia reported thursday  .
the italian cabinet on thursday authorised lump-sum compensation payments of , euros -lrb- , dollars -rrb- to each of the families of the  italian killed in the nasiriyah bombing in southern iraq  .
manchester united and scotland legend denis law is recovering in hospital after being treated for prostate cancer , his former club announced on thursday  .
scotland manager berti vogts insisted thursday that he would be keeping faith with his chosen squad despite a - thrashing in their euro  second leg play-off against the netherlands  .
six-time world champion michael schumacher insisted on thursday that his recent knee injury will not hamper his assault on an unprecedented seventh title in   .
the european parliament thursday condemned an extension to military rule in the restive indonesian province of aceh and called on jakarta to revive peace talks with separatist rebels  .
bush in london 's trafalgar square on thursday , the high point of their biggest protest against the us president 's state visit to britain  .
the two sets of bomb attacks which have rocked istanbul in the past days bear all the hallmarks of osama bin laden 's al-qaeda network , senior israeli intelligence sources said thursday  .
australia has asked france for permission to interrogate a frenchman suspected of plotting a terror attack on australian soil , sources closed to the investigation said thursday  .
bush in london 's trafalgar square on thursday , the high point of their biggest protest against the us president 's state visit to britain  .
serbia and montenegro on thursday condemned a new spate of deadly attacks in istanbul which killed  people , the foreign ministry said in a statement  .
oil prices weakened on thursday despite a double bombing in istanbul which killed  people , as the market reacted instead to positive supply news from industry cartel opec  .
a hungarian subcontractor died in a car accident earlier this week , becoming the first hungarian casualty in post-war iraq , the foreign ministry said in a statement thursday  .
cepsa , spain 's second-largest oil company , said thursday it has signed a contract with iraq 's somo to purchase  million barrels of crude over six months  .
the us government 's broadcaster has put off until next year the launch of an arabic television channel , a spokeswoman said thursday  .
a senior official from the organisation for security and co-operation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- on thursday sharply criticised the former soviet republic of azerbaijan over a presidential election last month which was marred by ballot-rigging  .
the dollar came under pressure here thursday following the bombings in istanbul but later firmed a bit as traders took note of positive economic news from the united states  .
the european parliament thursday attacked a crackdown on dissident religious groups in vietnam and demanded the eu get tough with the communist-run country  .
kenyan president mwai kibaki on thursday launched the first ever joint public-private sector initiative to oversee the country 's efforts to revive its troubled economy in a  world  .
a -year-old bosnian serb man `` died '' and was brought back to life  times in two days after suffering a heart attack , his doctor said thursday  .
the european union is to grant kenya  million euros , about -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- to finance the reconstruction of a key road , finance minister david mwiraria said on thursday  .
the european parliament on thursday strongly condemned a `` serious wave of repression of religious freedom '' in vietnam , notably against buddhists and christians  .
a report commissioned by the organisation for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- has accused montenegro 's police and deputy prosecutor of trying to cover up a high-profile prostitution scandal allegedly involving senior political and judicial figures  .
at one stage on the back nine it looked like jack nicklaus 's us team might  win  .
italian fashion designer and fragrance maker loris  , famous for dressing actresses sophia loren and raquel welch , died thursday in paris at the age of  , the owners of his couture house announced  .
peruvian writer mario vargas llosa will friday receive a doctorate  causa of letters from oxford university , publishing house alfaguara said  .
the us department of justice said thursday that more than  people had been arrested or convicted in the government 's largest-ever crackdown on internet fraud , after an ongoing security sweep uncovered multiple victims ' losses of over  million dollars  .
nato said thursday it has no plans to change the venue of an alliance summit scheduled in istanbul next year , after the latest bomb attacks on british interests there killed at least  people  .
the ukrainian parliament on thursday failed to ratify a multi-party accord establishing a pipeline to transport russian oil from russia to the mediterranean  .
cuba and russia are to step up their cooperation as a result of growing tensions in the global situation , a top russian official said thursday  .
the un security council on thursday passed a declaration calling for a conference on returning stability to the troubled great lakes region of central africa to be held next year  .
us attorney general john  , said al-qaeda appeared to be the main suspect for the twin bombings in istanbul on thursday that killed at least  people  .
amelie mauresmo put france - up in their fed cup world group semi-final tie here on thursday rallying from a one-set deficit to see off top russian anastasia myskina  .
jewish leaders in france expressed outrage thursday over the installation of a circus on the site of the  detention center outside paris , through which , jews passed en route to nazi death camps  .
suicide bombers struck again in istanbul on thursday , killing the british consul general and at least  other civilians in attacks clearly timed to coincide with us president george w .
russian president vladimir putin on thursday conveyed his condolences to turkish and british leaders after moscow condemned the suicide bombings that targeted british interests in istanbul , killing  people and wounding  others  .
egyptian prime minister atef ebeid stood in for president hosni mubarak at a religious ceremony thursday evening after doctors advised the head of state `` to rest '' , public television reported  .
south africa 's national assembly thursday overwhelmingly approved a slew of measures to combat terrorism in the first comprehensive package drafted since the end of apartheid in   .
chicago federal reserve president michael moskow said thursday he sees the us economy on a `` solid '' growth path , but with considerable `` slack , '' which poses a threat in the future  .
us overseer paul bremer held talks thursday in arbil , in iraqi kurdistan , with massoud barzani , a prominent kurdish member of iraq 's us-installed governing council  .
tycoon conrad black stepped down two days ahead of schedule as chief executive of media giant hollinger international , as the company scrambled to provide key financial documents to us regulators  .
the us department of justice said thursday that more than  people had been arrested or convicted in the government 's largest-ever crackdown on internet fraud , after an ongoing security sweep uncovered multiple victims ' losses of over  million dollars  .
former french and australian open winner mary pierce secured france a fed cup final showdown this weekend with the united states following a three-set win over russian vera zvonareva  .
an iraqi woman and her six sons were arrested in the hotspot western town of fallujah for `` operating an independent anti-coalition cell , '' the us military said thursday  .
the un 's rights committee on thursday began formal discussions on a resolution proposed by canada condemning the human rights situation in iran  .
the foreign office in london confirmed that british consul general roger short ,  , was killed in thursday 's suicide bomb attacks in istanbul  .
the united states believes parliamentary elections in georgia , that handed electoral victory to the party of georgia 's embattled president eduard shevardnadze , reflect `` massive vote fraud , '' a us state department spokesman said thursday  .
the istanbul stock exchange said thursday it would be closed on friday , following deadly suicide bombings in the city , and will reopen on december  at the end of a previously scheduled -day religious holiday  .
the united states believes parliamentary elections in georgia , that handed victory to the party of georgia 's embattled president eduard shevardnadze , reflect `` massive vote fraud , '' a us state department spokesman said thursday  .
the foreign office in london confirmed that british consul general roger short ,  , was killed in thursday 's suicide bomb attacks in istanbul  .
spain on thursday told european commission president romano prodi and its eu partners that madrid was doubling its contribution to the iter energy project to  million euros -lrb-  .
prosecutions of arab and muslim americans in michigan , seen as the center of the us-arab community have shot up since the september  attacks , the detroit news reported thursday  .
roger short ,  , the british consul general killed in thursday 's double suicide bomb attack in istanbul , was a career diplomat and a specialist on turkey  .
britain 's queen elizabeth ii won a gag order thursday to prevent further media revelations concerning the embarrassing exposure of buckingham palace 's security by an undercover reporter  .
zambia 's ruling party has retained two parliamentary seats and won one previously held by the opposition in by-elections held early this week , an electoral official announced thursday  .
the cia began an internal review of raw intelligence to see whether it supports the pre-war assessments that iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction , an intelligence official said thursday  .
iran on wednesday condemned devastating bomb blasts against british interests in istanbul but accused the united states of creating `` a context '' for such attacks by using force in the fight against extremists  .
the israeli army staged an incursion late thursday into the palestinian settlement of tubas , near the northern west bank town of jenin , palestinian security sources said  .
the foreign office in london confirmed that british consul general roger short ,  , was killed in thursday 's suicide bomb attacks in istanbul  .
spanish authorities have stepped up security at the saudi embassy in madrid , an afp photographer noted here thursday as spanish police had positioned an armored vehicle in front of the building  .
michael jackson fans circled the wagons around their idol here thursday , but some were less supportive and still others said they were awaiting the outcome of the pop star 's latest legal travails  .
russia halved its production of black caviar in  to  tonnes and reduced its exports of the delicacy from  tonnes last year to  tonnes this year , state fisheries officials said thursday  .
roger short , the british consul general killed in thursday 's double suicide bomb attack in istanbul , was a career diplomat and a specialist on turkey  .
the united states and britain are tracking a number of henchmen of former liberian president charles taylor to bring them before a un-backed war crimes court in sierra leone , a diplomatic source in abidjan said thursday  .
prosecutors on thursday charged legendary us record producer phil spector with the murder of a blonde b-movie actress in his hilltop mansion in february , officials said  .
prosecutors on thursday charged legendary us record producer phil spector with the murder of a b-movie actress in his hilltop mansion nine months ago , officials said  .
british foreign minister jack straw arrived in istanbul on thursday evening following two suicide bomb attacks on the british consulate and the hsbc bank in the city  .
toyota 's redesigned hybrid-electric sedan won motor trend 's coveted car of the year award , the car enthusiast magazine said thursday  .
singer michael jackson on thursday surrendered himself to police on an arrest warrant for charges of child molestation , sheriff jim anderson said  .
the founders of investment firm pilgrim baxter and the pbhg mutual funds were charged with securities fraud thursday by the securities and exchange commission and new york attorney general eliot spitzer  .
us first lady laura bush admitted on thursday to being `` slightly intimidated '' by the grandeur of buckingham palace but said she and her husband had been put at ease when they discovered similarities between themselves and their hosts  .
rwandan police on thursday seized copies of the country 's only independent newspaper and arrested its director and at least two of his journalists on charges of libel and ``   .
singer michael jackson on thursday arrived handcuffed at santa barbara jail to be charged with child abuse , witnesses saw  .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan has postponed a planned trip to bosnia following deadly bomb attacks against british targets in istanbul , his office said thursday  .
singer michael jackson on thursday surrendered himself to police on an arrest warrant for charges of child molestation , sheriff jim anderson said  .
countries across the middle east , including turkey 's neighbors iran and syria and close ally israel , condemned thursday 's massive bomb blasts against british interests in istanbul which killed  people  .
british foreign minister jack straw arrived in istanbul on thursday evening to visit the site of two devastating suicide bomb attacks on the british consulate and the hsbc bank in the city  .
chelsea striker mikael forssell will stay on loan at birmingham city until the end of the season , the midlands club announced on thursday  .
canada 's foreign minister bill graham condemned twin bombings , which killed up to  people in istanbul on thursday , as `` depraved acts of terror  .
the united states confirmed thursday its desire to take up iran 's nuclear program before the un security council , which could place sanctions on the islamic republic  .
german striker uwe  has thanked manchester city fans for helping him in his fight against cancer  .
the remains of seven navy crewmembers of a us bomber that disappeared on a mission against japan in world war ii have been recovered in russia and returned to their families for burial with full military honors , the pentagon said thursday  .
the largest diamond ever to go under the hammer failed to find a buyer at a sotheby 's sale in geneva on thursday in what was supposed to be the climax of a glittering week of jewellery auctions  .
us stocks wilted in a late-day selloff thursday as healthy economic news failed to calm geopolitical fears after the istanbul bomb attacks  .
three employees of british-based banking giant hsbc were killed and about  others injured thursday in a suicide car bomb attack outside the bank 's headquarters in istanbul , a spokesman said  .
the united nations said early friday its secretariat would open its first office in china later this month  .
british foreign minister jack straw visited the british consulate in istanbul on thursday after the site was rocked by one of two deadly bomb attacks in turkey 's biggest city  .
english champions manchester united may have to settle for a loan deal if they want to snap up highly-rated chinese striker dong fangzhou  .
egyptian prime minister atef ebeid stood in for president hosni mubarak at a religious ceremony thursday evening after doctors advised the flu-stricken head of state to rest , public television reported  .
president of the united arab emirates zayed bin sultan al-nahyan returned thursday to abu dhabi after `` successful '' surgery in britain to remove a gallstone , the official wam news agency reported here  .
the european union condemned thursday the anti-british bomb attacks in istanbul as barbaric and evil , and expressed its solidarity with turkey and london in the fight against terror  .
said thursday its most recent quarterly profit jumped to  million dollars , more than double the  million dollars one year ago as cinema and media earnings offset declines at theme parks  .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei said thursday it was possible he and israeli counterpart ariel sharon could draw up a peace deal within six months  .
the italian government said thursday it had shelved a decree authorising the construction of a single storage site for all the country 's radioactive nuclear waste following widespread protests  .
said thursday its most recent quarterly profit jumped to  million dollars , more than double the  million a year ago as cinema and media earnings offset declines at theme parks  .
the united states had no intelligence indicating istanbul would be struck by fresh terror attacks like those that rocked the turkish capital earlier thursday , a us department of state spokesman said  .
the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- , a collaboration of the united states , russia , europe , japan and canada , celebrated five years in orbit on thursday  .
the un security council unanimously passed a resolution on thursday condemning the attacks on british targets in turkey as well as the bombing of two istanbul synagogues earlier in the week  .
turkish investigators were on thursday trying to piece together the details of the bloodiest extremist attacks in the country 's history -- two almost simultaneous explosions at british facilities in istanbul that killed at least  people and injured more than   .
annika sorenstam 's sizzling season on the lpga tour has helped boost the popularity of the women 's golf circuit to an all-time high , commissioner ty votaw said thursday  .
superstar michael jackson and his entourage cooperated with police and his booking on child sex abuse charges went off smoothly thursday , a police spokesman said  .
stocks wilted thursday as healthy economic news from the us failed to calm security fears on wall street and global financial markets after two more deadly bomb attacks in istanbul  .
the dollar , battered in recent sessions , drifted mainly lower thursday after the impact of the bombings in istanbul was partly offset by positive economic news from the united states  .
tycoon conrad black stepped down two days ahead of schedule as chief executive of media giant hollinger international , while the company scrambled to provide financial documents to us regulators  .
oklahoma state officials said thursday they were dropping criminal fraud charges against former worldcom chief executive bernie ebbers , but intend to refile the charges next year  .
tom sneddon , the santa barbara district attorney who filed child molestation charges against michael jackson , has a longstanding rivalry with the pop superstar  .
the united states warned thursday that more terrorist attacks were possible in istanbul and closed its consulate following deadly twin bomb strikes on british interests in the turkish city  .
the canadian government advised its citizens to defer all tourist travel to istanbul , where twin suicide bomb attacks on the british consulate and a british bank killed at least  people thursday  .
deep in sleepy south-west england , latvia 's progress to the finals of euro  was being cheered by at least one man  .
the boeing company said thursday that it will design and build its new e dreamliner jet in everett , washington , but two thirds of the structure and components will be   .
mark geragos , the lawyer pop star michael jackson chose to defend him against child molestation charges , has made a career of representing celebrities in high-profile cases  .
michael jackson was freed on bail thursday after being booked by police on child abuse charges that he branded as `` lies '' before immediately flying out of town  .
us state officials overseeing billions of dollars urged regulators thursday to demand stricter reforms at the new york stock exchange -lrb- nyse -rrb- , saying current plans would fail to protect investors  .
michael jackson was freed on bail thursday after being booked by police on child abuse charges that he branded as `` lies '' before immediately flying out of town  .
britain 's foreign office said thursday it had information suggesting that further attacks may be attempted in turkey , following deadly suicide car bombs on british interests in istanbul  .
mexico 's un ambassador adolfo aguilar zinser , sacked for saying the united states treated his nation as a `` backyard , '' quit thursday saying he had simply told the truth  .
talks on a free trade area of the americas were set to wrap up one day early with a `` realistic '' deal that scales back the original plan for a free trade bloc of  nations , officials said thursday  .
talks on a free trade area of the americas were set to wrap up one day early with a `` realistic '' deal that scales back the original plan for a free trade bloc of  nations , officials said thursday  .
the un security council unanimously passed a resolution on thursday condemning the attacks on british targets in turkey as well as the bombing of two istanbul synagogues earlier in the week  .
the mental health of asylum seekers worsens dramatically if they are detained and many plunge into a deep depression , according to a us study published on saturday in the lancet , the british medical weekly  .
mexico 's un ambassador , adolfo aguilar zinser , sacked for saying the united states treated his nation as a `` backyard , '' quit thursday saying he had simply told the truth  .
prosecutors on thursday charged us record producer phil spector with the murder of an actress in his hilltop mansion nine months ago , officials said  .
britain thursday warned that further attacks may be attempted in turkey , following deadly suicide car bombs on british interests in istanbul , and warned citizens against travel to all major turkish cities  .
prosecutions of arab and muslim americans in a midwestern city that is home to a large concentration of american arabs have shot up since the september  attacks , the detroit news reported thursday  .
share prices in tokyo opened lower friday with the nikkei- index losing  .
armed men snatched a -year-old girl and shot her nanny and driver friday in the latest kidnapping to hit the philippines , just days after an abducted coca-cola executive died in captivity , radio reports said  .
oil prices eased thursday , despite a deadly double bombing in istanbul , as the market reacted instead to positive supply news from industry cartel opec  .
celtic go into two crucial games in the space of four days on saturday boosted by news that english midfielder alan thompson ise of sitting on the sidelines for the season , '' thompson said  .
south korea 's gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- grew  .
percent year-on-year in the third quarter to september , ending two consecutive quarters of quarter-on-quarter contraction , the central bank said friday  .
the united states cautioned its citizens to defer non-essential travel to turkey on thursday , warning new terror attacks could follow twin blasts aimed at british targets in istanbul  .
at least seven people died and dozens were wounded in two car bombings in iraq as us president george w .
bush and british prime minister tony blair vowed to complete the job of taming terrorism and stabilizing the country  .
south korea 's gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- grew  .
percent year-on-year in the third quarter to september , ending two consecutive quarters of quarter-on-quarter contraction , the central bank said friday  .
the united states thursday condemned georgia 's final legislative vote tally as a fraud , casting doubt on the renewed mandate of president eduard shevardnadze , a onetime darling of washington  .
hong kong gold prices opened higher on friday at  .
us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of  .
the kansas city chiefs look to rebound from their first loss of the national football league season sunday when they host afc west rivals oakland at arrowhead stadium  .
hong kong police friday stepped up security in the former british colony following the suicide car bomb attacks in turkey  .
national football league players whose old samples tested positive for the banned steroid thg will not be suspended this year , commissioner paul tagliabue announced thursday  .
percent in opening trade friday on weakness in heavyweight hsbc holdings after the car bomb attack outside the bank 's headquarters in turkey , dealers said  .
britain friday warned that further attacks may be attempted in turkey , following deadly suicide car bombs on british interests in istanbul , and warned citizens against travel to all major turkish cities  .
the dollar advanced against the yen and euro in tokyo friday in response to fears of further dollar-buying intervention by the japanese authorities , dealers said  .
prime minister john howard reassured australia 's concerned farmers friday there would be no free trade deal if the united states did not agree to significant agricultural concessions  .
michael jackson 's  came to the besieged pop icon 's defense thursday , saying that she and pals often slept in the same room with him and that nothing sexual or strange took place  .
tom sneddon , the santa barbara district attorney who filed child molestation charges against michael jackson , has a longstanding rivalry with the pop superstar  .
prime minister john howard on friday urged authorities to `` throw the book '' at animal rights activists accused of feeding pig meat to , middle  sheep  .
the body of a soldier who was killed during a border patrol in papua province has been returned to indonesia from papua new guinea , the military said friday  .
cardinal jaime sin , the powerful spiritual leader of roman catholic philippines , formally stepped down friday with a plea to filipino politicians to be more responsible in their jobs  .
iraq 's deteriorating security situation has forced the thai military to postpone a mission to check on the safety of more than  troops there , officials said after a mortar attack on the troops ' base  .
despite all the  in the australian media , wallabies captain george gregan revealed on friday that he got on like a house on fire with opposite number martin johnson  .
president gloria arroyo of the philippines condemned friday the bombing attacks that killed  and wounded hundreds in turkey and called on anti-terror allies to fight back  .
creditors and lg group are engaged in a tug-of-war over terms for bailing out lg card hours before huge debts owed by the country 's largest credit card company mature , banking sources said friday  .
trading in retail gold at the bank of china got off to a roaring start , with punters buying and selling some , grams -lrb-  ounces -rrb- in the first three days , state press reported friday  .
top us and south korea envoys continued talks friday to ease north korea 's nuclear crisis as a us-led consortium is set to announce the suspension of a nuclear power plant project in the communist state  .
philippine share prices closed mixed friday after tracking losses on wall street and dampened by the fresh wave of bombings in istanbul and kidnappings in manila , brokers said  .
leading chinese scholars friday warned taiwan against using the  beijing olympics as an opportunity to seek independence , as they reinforced a recent wave of war threats from the mainland  .
percent in morning trade on friday on weakness in heavyweight hsbc holdings after the bank 's headquarters in turkey was hit by a car bomb , dealers said  .
a second suspect in the deadly marriott hotel bombing will soon go on trial and faces the death penalty if convicted under an anti-terror law , indonesian police said friday  .
china unicom , the mainland 's second largest mobile phone operator , said friday it will pay  .
billion dollars -rrb- to acquire mobile telecoms networks from parent china united telecommunications in nine chinese provinces  .
oil prices were virtually unchanged in asian trade friday after comments by the organisation of petroleum exporting countries ' -lrb- opec 's -rrb- secretary general on market stability , dealers said  .
the group editor-in-chief of malaysia 's government-linked new straits times said friday he had been sacked , less than a month after new prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi took office  .
in a sweeping drive to make the national capital safer for women , indian police arrested  men in a single day for sexually pestering women commuting to work on suburban trains , police said friday  .
philippine police arrested friday four suspected chinese drug traffickers and a filipino and seized more than a ton of methamphetamine  or `` ice '' in the country 's biggest drug bust  .
world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- regional chief shigeru omi on friday urged china to ratify a global anti-smoking treaty to curb tobacco use that he says kills a million chinese every year  .
police arrested a frenchman for climbing up the sydney harbour bridge friday in an embarassing security breach just a day ahead of the rugby world cup final  .
around , minibus taxi drivers in kenya on thursday night ended a strike that had paralysed commuter transport across the east african nation since monday , police said  .
philippine share prices closed mixed friday after tracking losses on wall street and dampened by the fresh wave of bombings in istanbul and kidnappings in manila , brokers said  .
percent friday after world market worries about the latest wave of terrorism , dealers said  .
a teenaged girl and a man were killed and a woman injured when indian and pakistani troops traded fire for several hours over their de facto border in kashmir , police said friday  .
percent friday as the  suicide bombings sparked fears of a fresh terrorist campaign , brokers said  .
one person was confirmed dead and nine were missing after two boats collided off sulawesi in eastern indonesia , a port official said friday  .
china 's hafei aviation industry on friday inked a deal to build helicopters in the northeast of the country with france 's eurocopter and singapore technologies aerospace  .
australian police arrested a frenchman for climbing up the sydney harbour bridge friday in an embarassing security breach just a day ahead of the rugby world cup final  .
the australian government said friday it had frozen the assets of six leaders of the militant palestinian group hamas and four associated charities  .
taiwan share prices closed flat friday as bargain-hunting offset losses after deadly bomb attacks in istanbul sent stock markets around the world lower , dealers said  .
the dollar was steady against the yen in tokyo friday as the negative effect of terrorist attacks was offset by fears of yen-selling intervention by japanese authorities , dealers said  .
thailand on friday condemned the istanbul bombings and warned thais to avoid traveling to turkey until the security situation there improves  .
smoke could be seen pouring out of the iraqi oil ministry after rockets slammed into the building early on friday , but a us military official said there had been no casualties and the fire was under control  .
us civil rights leader jesse jackson said thursday he had `` grave concerns '' over prosecutors ' handling of michael jackson 's child abuse case , branding a huge raid on his home as `` overkill  .
australia 's competition watchdog said friday it dropped legal action against flagship carrier qantas over alleged abuse of market power  .
indonesian police were friday questioning a man who had driven to a local airport with  kilograms -lrb-  pounds -rrb- of potassium chloride , a potential explosive similar to that used in the bali bombing  .
percent friday as the istanbul suicide bombings sparked fears of a fresh terrorist campaign , brokers said  .
indonesia 's military said friday it has killed four more rebels in aceh province , where troops are in the seventh month of an offensive to crush separatist guerrillas  .
australian prime minister john howard threatened friday to pull out of a free trade deal with the united states if washington did not agree to significant agricultural concessions , in comments pitched at concerned local farmers  .
australian test captain steve waugh on friday warned against rushing brett lee back into the national team for the india series before the tearaway speedster has regained match fitness  .
south korean share prices closed mixed friday , with news of rocket attacks on the oil ministry in baghdad towards the market 's close curbing foreign investors ' bargain-hunting interest in bluechips , dealers said  .
vietnam airlines has begun direct flights between ho chi minh city and the south korean city of busan in response to growing business ties between the two countries  .
turkish newspapers on friday squarely laid the blame for the two suicide car bomb attacks in istanbul which killed at least  people and wounded hundreds more on osama bin laden 's al-qaeda network  .
pakistan risks being bombed and sanctioned unless it eradicates `` senseless '' religious extremism , president pervez musharraf warned in comments reported friday  .
percent from last year in the three months to september , ending two consecutive quarters of quarter-on-quarter contraction , the central bank said friday  .
a french daredevil dubbed `` spiderman '' on friday made a mockery of a security clampdown in australia on the eve of the rugby world cup final by scaling the sydney harbour bridge wearing only climbing pants and shorts  .
philippine share prices could be due for a technical rebound next week though political and security concerns would cap any upside , dealers said friday  .
former us president bill clinton said friday the aids epidemic will never be stopped without affordable medicine , as he visited an indian pharmaceutical giant taking part in his drive to provide cheaper treatment to poor countries  .
australian police friday dropped charges against chris martin , lead singer of british band coldplay , who was accused of vandalising a photographer 's car during the band 's tour of australia  .
new zealand named seven new comers friday for a short tour of pakistan next month  .
a total of  chinese police officers have been killed in the line of duty so far this year , state media reported friday  .
producer prices in germany were unchanged in october from september and were up  .
percent from a year earlier , the federal statistics office said friday  .
british foreign secretary jack straw on friday described the twin bomb blasts on british targets in istanbul as an `` attack on civilisation  .
cambodia 's warring political parties were no closer friday to forming a government , with a row over a lawsuit against a party chief the latest impediment in nearly four months of   .
myanmar 's military government hit out at the united states friday after washington put it on a financial blacklist and said the ruling generals had failed to crack down on money laundering  .
thailand 's government on friday guaranteed the safety of fugitive banker rakesh saxena who is fighting an extradition order that would bring him from canada to face trial for embezzlement  .
philippine finance secretary jose isidro camacho announced friday he was stepping down from his post  .
new zealand named seven new comers friday for a short tour of pakistan next month  .
australian test captain steve waugh on friday warned against rushing brett lee back into the national team for the india series before the tearaway speedster has regained match fitness  .
thailand tightened security at the turkish embassy and other missions friday after condemning the istanbul bombings and warning thais to avoid traveling to turkey until the security situation improves  .
a south korean parliamentary mission and diplomats were staying at a hotel in baghdad when it came under rocket attack on friday , officials here said  .
a driver who was carrying a vanload of chemicals sparked a brief security scare on friday in indonesia , which is on alert for terrorist attacks  .
pipeline inflation in germany slowed in october , data published by the federal statistics office on friday showed  .
hong kong gold prices closed higher friday at  .
us dollars an ounce compared with the previous day 's closing rate of  .
the nigerian navy has freed all  oil workers held hostage by an armed gang on two us-owned offshore platforms off the southern coast of the country , a navy spokesman told afp friday  .
visiting british foreign secretary jack straw on friday described the twin bomb blasts on british targets in istanbul as an indiscriminate `` attack on civilisation  .
former turkish prime minister tansu ciller drew a link friday between the suicide bomb attacks in istanbul and opponents of turkey 's efforts to move closer to the west and join the european union  .
crisis club leeds united were reported friday to be set to make gordon strachan their new manager as soon as they reach agreement with southampton over his pay-off  .
the sri lankan president 's party said friday it was ready to end its power struggle with the prime minister and attempt a fresh deal on governing together within three weeks  .
wet ground conditions caused by heavy overnight rain have delayed the start of the second one-day international between england and sri lanka here on friday  .
mexico 's un ambassador , adolfo aguilar zinser , sacked for saying the united states treated his nation as a `` backyard , '' has decided to quit saying he had simply told the truth  .
philippine finance secretary jose isidro camacho , the most senior economic adviser to president gloria arroyo , announced friday that he is quitting his post  .
world champions brazil whipped winless tunisia on friday to remain unbeaten with five straight victories in the world cup men 's volleyball tournament  .
crisis club leeds united were reported friday to be set to make gordon strachan their new manager as soon as they reach agreement with southampton over his pay-off  .
a makeshift rocket launcher with  rockets in its tubes was found in a street near the italian embassy in baghdad early friday shortly after rocket attacks on iraq 's oil ministry and main media hotels , afp correspondents said  .
malaysia , current chair of the -member organisation of the islamic conference , on friday denounced the string of bomb attacks in turkey as un-islamic  .
the former president of the central african republic , david dacko , has died in a hospital in the cameroon capital , aged  , his family said here friday  .
the nigerian navy has freed all  oil workers held hostage by an armed gang on two us-owned offshore platforms off the southern coast of the country , a navy spokesman told afp friday  .
eddie jordan is looking for chinese business partners and drivers for his formula one racing team  .
hong kong marked five full years of deflation on friday after government figures showed consumer prices fell in october compared to a year earlier , although the figures were better than september 's due to continued improvement in the economy  .
turkish foreign minister abdullah gul said friday that `` several arrests '' have been made in connection with thursday 's bomb attacks in istanbul that killed  people and wounded hundreds more  .
south korea friday said there was no link between an attack on a baghdad hotel housing a diplomatic mission from seoul and the country 's decision to send troops to iraq  .
nine people were killed and six badly injured friday in a road accident in indonesia 's east java province , police said  .
great britain 's australian coach david waite will stand down after saturday 's third test against australia  .
an islamic preacher who was expelled from italy to his native senegal as a potential threat to public security denied that he had links to the muslim extremist osama bin laden , but described him as a `` great man  .
turkish foreign minister abdullah gul said friday that `` several arrests '' have been made in connection with thursday 's bomb attacks in istanbul that killed  people and wounded hundreds more  .
french food giant danone said friday that its negotiations on a one-billion-dollar -lrb-  .
billion euro -rrb- takeover bid for russian food group wimm-bill-dann have been terminated  .
a second makeshift launcher with  rockets in its tubes was found concealed under hay on a donkey cart near the italian embassy in baghdad on friday , an afp correspondent said  .
sergio garcia hit a sizzling six-under-par  friday to take the lead in the dunlop phoenix golf tournament , equalling the tournament record for the first  holes  .
percent lower friday on profit-taking in technology stocks amid an absence of positive factors to justify recent strength in the sector , dealers said  .
the german financial sector regulatory authority called friday for the creation of a european credit rating agency as a counterweight to the big anglo-saxon houses such as standard and poor 's , currently under fire in germany  .
wet ground conditions caused by heavy overnight rain have delayed the start of the second one-day international between england and sri lanka here on friday  .
bangladesh , world 's third largest muslim nation , friday condemned the bomb attacks in turkey that claimed a large number of innocent lives , the official bss news agency reported  .
taiwan 's unemployment rate fell to a six-month low in october , reflecting an improving job market amid an economic recovery , official data showed friday  .
hundreds of scientists and tourists were making final preparations friday to become the first people ever to see a total solar eclipse in antarctica  .
more than  vietnamese companies have been suspended from sending labourers to taiwan after taipei threatened to stop receiving guest workers from the communist nation , state media said friday  .
percent higher friday on speculative buying and likely intervention from certain parties to keep the market in positive territory when it resumes trading in december , dealers said  .
british foreign secretary jack straw said on friday that the world had to work together to confront the global terror threat , following two sets of deadly attacks in istanbul in less than a week  .
construction will start next year on a new high-tech satellite city on bangkok 's outskirts , free from the pollution and congestion which plagues the thai capital , the government said friday  .
chinese supermarket chain wumart stores soared as much as much as  percent on its hong kong stock exchange debut on friday , bucking the broader market 's trend  .
the former president of the central african republic , david dacko , has died in a hospital in the cameroon capital , aged  , his family said here friday  .
a saudi wanted by police on several security-related charges has turned himself in to saudi authorities , the interior ministry spokesman said friday  .
greek border police on friday arrested a turkish truck driver hiding  illegal would-be migrants , most from china , in his  vehicle  .
the un atomic watchdog may not be able to reach a decision before next week on how to judge iran for hiding nuclear activities , the international atomic energy agency chief said friday  .
egypt 's president hosni mubarak has seen his health `` stabilize '' and temperature return to normal , on a week in which he has curtailed his schedule due to a heavy dose of flu , a confidant said friday  .
a kenyan judge on friday adjourned for a week the trial of of six kenyans accused of involvement in last year 's bombing of an israeli-owned hotel in mombasa , for which osama bin laden 's al qaeda network has claimed responsibility  .
two makeshift launchers with a total of  rockets in their tubes were found near the italian embassy in baghdad on friday shortly after morning rocket attacks on iraq 's oil ministry and main media hotels  .
german interior minister otto schily called on the european union to encourage turkey 's membership bid in the wake of the deadly suicide attacks in istanbul  .
the number of companies that failed in germany fell for the first time in two and a half years in august , data published by the federal statistics office on friday showed  .
wet ground conditions caused by heavy overnight rain have delayed the start of the second one-day international between england and sri lanka here on friday  .
percent after last-minute institutional support of selected bluechips reversed earlier losses , dealers said  .
percent friday in line with regional markets after the deadly bombings in turkey , in extremely volatile trade , analysts said  .
us banking giant citibank said friday it has filed a criminal complaint against a former branch manager in japan on suspicion of embezzling depositors ' savings totalling  .
percent friday after last-minute institutional support of selected bluechips reversed earlier losses , dealers said  .
european stock markets were in subdued mood in early trading on friday as sentiment remained cautious in the wake of the previous day 's bombings in turkey , in the absence of much company news  .
the swiss organisers of the next america 's cup revealed friday that a clear favorite had still not emerged among the four south european ports vying to to host the event in  but the choice must be made this weekend  .
top us and south korean envoys friday fine-tuned a security assurance for north korea ahead of planned nuclear crisis talks as a us-led consortium was set to suspend an energy project in the communist state  .
saudi arabia , kuwait , the united arab emirates , and bahrain denounced friday as `` acts of terrorism '' the deadly attacks against british interests carried out in downtown istanbul  .
taiwan shares are likely to stage a technical rebound next week after recent losses triggered by foreign selling and weakness on wall street , dealers said friday  .
french food giant danone said friday that its negotiations on a one-billion-dollar -lrb-  .
billion euro -rrb- takeover bid for russian food group wimm-bill-dann have been terminated  .
tibet 's government-in-exile friday protested a `` provocative '' chinese ban on portraits of the dalai lama in two tibetan autonomous areas of the southwestern sichuan province  .
india 's supreme court on friday halted all trials stemming from last year 's communal violence in the western state of gujarat , criticising the slow pace of prosecution by the state 's hindu nationalists  .
construction work on the world 's tallest skyscraper , taipei  , was halted on friday after dozens of steel plates crashed from the building 's th floor on to the street below , injuring four people  .
the german-us auto giant daimlerchrysler said friday it has agreed to sell its aero engine maker mtu to the us private equity firm kohlberg kravis and roberts  .
rubber prices in singapore climbed friday on smaller volumes , dealers said  .
percent friday on fresh buying in select new and old economy stocks , dealers said  .
around  people were injured friday in a suspected bomb blast near a mosque in the western indian state of maharashtra , provincial home minister  singh said  .
eu external relations commissioner chris patten is due to visit sri lanka next week for talks with the quarreling prime minister and president and the top tamil tiger rebel leader , diplomats said friday  .
japanese shares are likely to trade in a narrow range in the coming week as investors are seen staying on the sidelines amid growing concerns about terrorist attacks , brokers said friday  .
british foreign secretary jack straw insisted friday that the deadly attacks against british interests in istanbul were not linked to the country 's role alongside the united states in the war on iraq  .
the german-us auto giant daimlerchrysler said friday it has agreed to sell its aero engine maker mtu to the us private equity firm kohlberg kravis and roberts  .
said it will pay up to  million dollars in cash to buy  network software co .
, a company that provides the technology for the chinese language search engine   .
leeds united midfielder jody morris , facing trial for alleged rape , is ready to face any venom from opposing fans after being cleared to play for the club  .
percent friday in line with regional markets after the deadly bombings in turkey , in extremely volatile trade , analysts said  .
bush arrived in northeast england on friday from london for a day of leisure on the final day of his state visit to britain  .
england midfielder jermaine jenas has signed a new five-year contract at newcastle united , the english premiership said friday  .
iraqi police will react with force to attacks by anti-coalition insurgents , police chief ahmed ibrahim warned friday  .
oil prices gained ground on friday after a rocket attack on the iraqi oil ministry in baghdad raised fears of yet another delay to efforts to boost the country 's crude exports  .
malaysian share prices may weaken further in the upcoming holiday-shortened week after falling one percent in the week to friday , analysts said friday  .
the number of companies that failed in germany fell for the first time in two and a half years in august , data published by the federal statistics office on friday showed  .
indian troops friday arrested  bangladeshis on the tense kashmir border who allegedly tried to enter pakistan illegally in hope of finding work , a military official said  .
british foreign secretary jack straw insisted friday that the deadly attacks against british interests in istanbul were not linked to the country 's role alongside the united states in the war on iraq  .
germany called friday on the european union to open its arms to turkey after the deadly suicide bombings in istanbul and encourage its bid for membership in the bloc  .
consumer price inflation picked up slightly in a key german state in november , official data showed on friday  .
the foreign office said friday it has `` information '' of more possible attacks in turkey , the day after a double suicide bombing in istanbul that left at least  dead , including four britons  .
percent friday on fresh buying in select new and old economy stocks , dealers said  .
a kenyan judge on friday adjourned the trial of six kenyans accused of involvement in last year 's bombing of an israeli-owned hotel in mombasa , for which osama bin laden 's al-qaeda network has claimed responsibility  .
hundreds of thousands of iranians protested against israel here on the last friday of the muslim holy month of ramadan , marking the jerusalem day initiated by the late ayatollah khomeini to support the palestinians  .
tennis legend john mcenroe is to start coaching british players next week in what he hopes will be a long-term attempt to regenerate the sport in this country  .
asian stock markets were mixed on friday with bargain-hunters moving in after falls due to concerns about the threat of terrorism after attacks in istanbul and baghdad  .
tiger woods was n't firing but this did not stop the united states , captained by jack nicklaus , fighting back friday to make it all square after the second of five sessions in the presidents cup  .
the widow of an istanbul suicide bomber who blew himself up attacking a synagogue in the historic city on saturday , said she found out he had died only by reading the newspaper  .
iraqi police will react with force to anti-coalition insurgents , police chief ahmed ibrahim warned friday after multiple rocket attacks hit two baghdad media hotels and the oil ministry complex , seriously wounding one us consultant  .
indian troops in kashmir killed four rebels from a  extremist group friday , a defense spokesman said  .
an italian policeman has been killed and two others injured in a car accident in southeastern bosnia , a spokesman for the european union police mission said friday  .
the times of london said friday it will launch a `` compact '' edition next week , following on the success of a similar  version of the rival independent newspaper  .
eu external relations commissioner chris patten is to visit sri lanka next week for talks with the  prime minister and president and the top tamil tiger rebel leader , officials said friday  .
turkey sought friday to limit the impact of the deadly suicide bombings in istanbul on its crucial tourism industry , insisting that the country remained a safe destination  .
the world bank is to grant poland  million dollars -lrb-  million euros -rrb- in loans to restructure coal mines in poland , the polish economy ministry said friday  .
taiwan is to allow china to operate indirect flights to the island for the first time , premier yu shyi-kun said on friday  .
the german-us auto giant daimlerchrysler said friday it has agreed to sell its aero engine maker mtu to the us private equity firm kohlberg kravis and roberts , in a move that immediately raised eyebrows within the german government in berlin  .
popular allrounder shahid afridi was friday named captain of the pakistan a team for next month 's high-profile tri-series in india  .
athens ' taxi drivers are due to hold a -hour strike saturday , the union representing the greek capital 's some , companies said  .
the british-led  consortium has won the status of preferred bidder to negotiate an agreement with the cyprus government to build and operate larnaca and paphos international airports , officials said friday  .
afghanistan friday condemned the `` evil '' bomb attacks which killed at least  people in istanbul and hit out at islamic militants believed responsible as `` enemies of god and humanity  .
the british-led  consortium has won the status of preferred bidder to negotiate an agreement with the cyprus government to build and operate larnaca and paphos international airports , officials said friday  .
malaysia 's  capital , controlled by tycoon syed mokhtar  , said friday plans to take control of the huge bakun hydroelectric dam project were on track despite the government 's announcement it has not decided whether to privatise the project  .
eidur gudjohnsen says he will not be leaving chelsea in the january transfer window despite having few first team chances since the arrival of romanian striker adrian mutu and argentine star hernan crespo  .
around  people were injured friday when assailants threw bombs at a mosque in the western indian state of maharashtra , officials said  .
the state on friday dropped charges against  zimbabwean union leaders and rights activists arrested in harare for breaching the country 's tough security laws after they tried to stage anti-government protests  .
turkish officials said friday they had canceled leave for police and paramilitary gendarmerie troops in istanbul during a muslim festival next week following a wave of deadly suicide car bomb attacks  .
charlton suffered a blow friday with the news that south africa striker shaun bartlett will be out for a further three months with an ankle injury  .
thai stocks are expected to stage a moderate rebound in the week ahead following a sell-off as the market was plunged into chaos over proposed new rules to curb speculative trade , analysts said  .
beijing has warned that the philippines ' security could be affected if taiwan 's drive for independence triggered a war with china , philippine foreign secretary blas ople said friday  .
domestic mutual funds and other local operators will drive trading activity at the indian markets next week , with foreign funds expected to take a back seat  .
ivorian president laurent gbagbo and french foreign minister dominique de villepin will meet late friday in the gabonese capital libreville to discuss the crisis in ivory coast , the french ministry announced  .
michael jackson 's mother hinted at a racist motive behind the pop icon 's arrest on multiple child molestation charges , a german magazine friday quoted her as telling it  .
eu external relations commissioner chris patten said friday he would visit sri lanka next week for talks with the  prime minister and president and with the top tamil tiger rebel leader  .
bush called turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan on friday to offer whatever help washington can give following thursday 's double suicide bombing in istanbul  .
the chief of georgia 's national security council warned friday that bloodshed could erupt in the caucasus country amid protests over a disputed parliamentary poll  .
un peacekeepers on friday stepped up vehicle searches in and around the liberian capital monrovia after a weapons cache was reportedly discovered on the highway leading to the stronghold of the country 's main rebel group  .
the european union hopes next week to decide on whether france or spain will go forward as a candidate to host an ambitious project to replicate the sun 's nuclear fusion , officials said friday  .
the european commission on friday called for calm in the former soviet republic of georgia , where a senior official warned of bloodshed after admitting that this month 's parliamentary elections had been marred by fraud  .
the devastating suicide bombings in istanbul , called the `` turkish september  '' in lebanese newspapers , triggered a barrage of criticism of us policy in the beirut press on friday  .
greek justice officials are investigating a greek man who said he fought alongside serb militias during the war in bosnia , a senior police source said friday  .
the chief of georgia 's national security council warned friday that bloodshed could erupt in the caucasus country amid protests over a disputed parliamentary poll that he admitted had been marked by fraud  .
nigerian president olusegun obasanjo has dismissed the management board of the state-run power firm nepa ahead of its privatisation , due next year , an official statement said friday  .
in a protest at greece 's alleged failure to curb `` growing anti-semitic hate '' , the simon wiesenthal centre has issued a travel warning for the country ahead of the athens  olympics  .
south korean shares will likely rebound in the coming week with a correction to a steep weekly fall amid signs of renewed foreign interest , analysts said  .
east african defense ministers and army chiefs met here friday to discuss fighting terrorism and boosting military cooperation  .
manchester united manager alex ferguson has revealed that chinese target dong fangzhou wants to come to manchester united  .
bangladeshi police used batons to breakup muslim religious groups clashing over a mosque in dhaka friday , leaving  people injured , a television network reported  .
the norwegian government decided friday it would impose trade sanctions on us products if washington refuses to lift the surcharges it has placed on imported steel  .
the head of a parliamentary commission probing alleged links between president rolandas paksas ' office and organized crime called on the head of state friday to appear in person to answer questions  .
a un court trying suspected perpetrators of rwanda 's  genocide is expected to hand down a verdict on december  on three defendants in rwanda 's `` hate media '' trial , the independent hirondelle press agency said friday quoting an official source  .
the un refugee agency on friday urged the spanish government to improve conditions for hundreds of asylum seekers sleeping rough in spain 's north african enclave of ceuta  .
police in zimbabwe have arrested  people accused of circulating a subversive electronic mail message calling for the violent ouster of president robert mugabe , a state-run daily said friday  .
seven people were killed friday in the separatist insurgency in indian kashmir , including four suspected members of an extreme islamist group , officials said  .
the world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- on friday alerted countries to the health risk of a faulty non-dairy baby milk formula made in germany for the israeli market , which has already been blamed for two infant deaths  .
crisis club leeds united were reported friday to be set to make gordon strachan their new manager as soon as they reach agreement with southampton over his pay-off  .
the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- on friday declared mozambique 's municipal elections were free and transparent but said the low voter turn-out gave cause for concern  .
industrial output in germany expanded slightly in september , the bundesbank calculated on friday , revising upwards earlier data that had originally shown a sharp contraction in production in the eurozone 's biggest economy that month  .
tottenham striker frederic kanoute revealed friday that he is close to making his comeback to english premiership action following an ankle ligament injury  .
a bronze statue of ba jin , considered one of modern china 's greatest writers , was unveiled friday at the newly-built ba jin literary institute in chengdu , the capital of southwest china 's sichuan province , state media reported  .
thousands of supporters of the radical palestinian group islamic jihad demonstrated friday in this northern gaza strip refugee camp against the `` geneva initiative '' , an unofficial israeli-palestinian peace plan  .
pakistani president pervez musharraf on friday strongly denounced two bomb attacks that left at least  people dead in istanbul and expressed deep sympathy for the people and government of turkey  .
, a -year-old unemployed finnish woman , became the proud owner of a new car on friday after she sat in it for  days and  hours , thereby winning a promotional contest run by a new radio station  .
two musicians from the british pop band queen , whose lead singer freddie mercury died of aids , arrived in cape town friday for a star-studded concert they are helping to organise to fight the pandemic  .
us mortgage giant freddie mac on friday acknowledged understating profits by five billion dollars between  and  in an effort to hide volatility associated with its complex financial deals  .
us economic growth is spreading across sectors and is becoming strong enough to withstand negative shocks , jack guynn , the president of the federal reserve bank of atlanta , said friday  .
the notion that cities in western europe have cleaned up their acts after the unbridled air pollution of the industrial revolution has been dented by an unusual study that has delved into paris 's atmospheric past  .
bayern munich 's german international midfielder sebastian deisler will be out of action for some time because of depression , his doctor revealed friday  .
the integration of leaders of burundi 's main rebel group into the war-ravaged east african country 's interim adminstration , scheduled to take place this weekend , has been delayed by several days , a government spokesman said friday  .
two fortified baghdad hotels and the iraqi oil ministry were targeted in rocket attacks on friday , seriously injuring one person , as defiant us and british leaders vowed no retreat from iraq and to defeat terrorism  .
jordan 's king abdullah ii has sent messages of condolences to the turkish president and the british prime minister after the deadly `` terrorist '' bombings of british interests in istanbul , petra news agency reported friday  .
india and mauritius on friday inked four pacts , including an extradition treaty , as mauritian prime minister paul berenger held extensive talks here , officials said  .
the twin bomb attacks on british sites in istanbul had the force of small earthquakes and were recorded by the city 's seismological institute , experts said friday  .
france on friday urged its citizens to postpone non-essential travel to turkey , following two sets of bomb attacks in less than a week at synagogues and british installations in istanbul that left a total of  dead  .
ivory coast president laurent gbagbo left here friday for the gabonese capital libreville , where he is due to hold talks with french foreign minister dominique de villepin , the ivorian presidency said  .
a total of  people were arrested since monday in protests against the free trade area of the americas agreement , police announced friday  .
leaders of  central and eastern european nations gathered at a summit here friday called for increased cooperation in fighting the threat of terrorism after the deadly bomb attacks on british installations in istanbul  .
spanish prime minister jose maria aznar will travel to london on monday for talks with his british counterpart tony blair , a spokesman said friday  .
the european union 's draft constitution , as it currently stands , could ultimately jeopardise monetary stability in the eurozone if important changes are not made to it , european central bank governing council member and bundesbank chief ernst welteke warned on friday  .
the milan criminal court was scheduled to rule saturday on the controversial case involving a former close aide of prime minister silvio berlusconi for allegedly bribing judges  .
the international organisation for migration -lrb- iom -rrb- said friday it has launched a six-week campaign funded by the european union to reduce people smuggling from sri lanka to mainly europe and australia  .
french president jacques chirac on friday deplored the deadly suicide bombings in istanbul , pledging that paris and the european union would continue the fight to stamp out global terrorism  .
a german court friday banned a prospective brothel owner from setting up in speyer because the southwestern town does not have enough people living there  .
religious figures and british , israeli , turkish and us diplomats joined an ecumenical ceremony in a berlin synagogue friday dedicated to victims of the suicide bombings in istanbul  .
four anti-globalisation protesters on hunger strike over their detention for alleged rioting during an eu summit in greece last june are said to be in a `` critical '' condition , according to a medical report published on friday  .
tajikistan has asked the united states to release eight tajik nationals who have been held at a us military base in guantanamo , cuba , since they were captured in afghanistan two years ago , the country 's deputy foreign minister said on friday  .
the international media watchdog group reporters without borders -lrb- rsf - reporters sans frontieres -rrb- on friday condemned rocket attacks on the main hotels in baghdad housing members of the foreign press  .
the irish government took steps friday to legally restore the original gaelic names of places that were given english versions during british rule over  years ago  .
europe 's top clubs are pressing fifa to agree to a new player compensation package that could leave football 's ruling body facing a  million dollar bill for the  world cup  .
ivory coast president laurent gbagbo is to travel monday to mali and burkina faso , with whom relations have been strained since an army rebellion  months ago in the world 's top cocoa producer , state radio reported  .
a us soldier died of wounds sustained in a roadside bombing in northern baghdad , a military spokesman said friday  .
the leader of the lebanese-based shiite fundamentalist movement hezbollah threatened friday to strike at the heart of israel if the jewish state acted on threats to attack lebanon or syria  .
bush left britain on friday , returning to washington after a three-day state visit  .
some , muslims on friday staged a peaceful protest in a northern nigerian city against what they called israeli aggression against palestinians  .
former pakistan cricket captain and wicketkeeper rashid latif faces disciplinary action for criticising the pakistan cricket board -lrb- pcb -rrb- in a television interview , an official said friday  .
bush has dismissed the idea of a parallel between the situation faced by us forces in iraq and the vietnam war , whose traumas left an indelible mark on the american people  .
bush left britain on friday , returning to washington after a three-day state visit  .
an exotic sculpture of a cow encrusted with , pieces of crystal glass has been sold for charity for the record sum of , euros -lrb- , dollars , , euros -rrb- , the organisers of the irish cow parade art exhibition said on friday  .
thailand , who just a few days ago were on the verge of elimination from the asian cup , reached the finals friday with an impressive - win over uzbekistan in their last qualifying match  .
french president jacques chirac on friday deplored the deadly suicide bombings in istanbul , pledging that paris and the european union would continue the fight to stamp out global terrorism  .
human rights award winner leyla zana and three other jailed former kurdish lawmakers have lodged a complaint with the european court of human rights for being kept in prison during their retrial by a turkish court , a lawyer said friday  .
turkish trade unions and civic organizations have called a silent march on saturday to condemn the deadly suicide car bomb attacks in istanbul , the anatolia news agency reported friday  .
the united states and its european partners must seek middle ground to find a solution to the dispute over plans for an autonomous eu military planning center , us ambassador to nato nicholas burns said friday  .
european stock markets ended the week in positive territory friday , with the london ftse  index up  .
david dacko , who has died at the age of  , became president of the central african republic when the country won independence from france in  and made a comeback two decades later as a coup leader  .
lawyers acting for kevin toth believe an irregularity in testing could save the american shot put champion from being banned for using the designer steroid tetrahydrogestrinone -lrb- thg -rrb-  .
imre gellei has quit as hungary coach after the team finished fourth in their european championship qualifiers , the hungarian football federation -lrb- mlsz -rrb- confirmed friday  .
diplomats at the french foreign ministry could walk off the job on december  over budgetary woes , in what would be the first-ever strike at the quai d'orsay , union officials said friday  .
unidentified attackers on motorcycles hurled bombs at a mosque friday in the western indian state of  , leaving about  people injured , police and officials said  .
more than ,  took to the streets friday to protest against israel and the united states as they marked jerusalem day  .
the euro maintained its lead on the dollar friday as investors sought to shed the greenback ahead of the week end , fearing future terrorist attacks  .
french president jacques chirac on friday backed romania 's bid to join both nato and the european union , as his romanian counterpart ion iliescu wrapped up a three-day visit to france  .
british investors will spend next week looking for economic data to bring some positive impetus to a stock market where confidence has been hit by the twin suicide bombs attacks in istanbul , analysts said friday  .
oil prices rose friday after a rocket attack on the iraqi oil ministry in baghdad raised fears of yet another delay to efforts to boost the country 's crude exports , although they later fell back on profit taking  .
the united states on friday accused the un nuclear watchdog of damaging its credibility by concluding there was as yet no evidence that iran has a nuclear weapons program  .
preemptive military action always will be a judgement call based on sketchy , incomplete information , a top pentagon official said friday , dismissing charges of a us intelligence failure in iraq  .
the us food and drug administration has approved anti-impotence drug cialis developed by eli lilly and icos , the agency said friday  .
greek prime minister costa simitis on friday moved to play down security fears ahead of the  athens olympics the day after deadly suicide bombings in istanbul  .
more than , bahrainis took to the streets friday to protest against israel and the united states as they marked jerusalem day  .
european shares struggled to stay in positive territory friday as overall sentiment was undermined by a mixed performance on wall street , fresh gains by the euro against the dollar and ongoing geopolitical concerns  .
a jury was deliberating friday on whether or not to sentence washington sniper john allen muhammad to death after finding him guilty of murder on monday , a court spokesman said  .
sierra leone president ahmad tejan kabbah is planning a december  military reshuffle as part of an overhaul to reduce the size of the armed forces over five years , state radio reported friday  .
the us food and drug administration has approved anti-impotence drug cialis developed by eli lilly and icos , the agency said friday  .
with three percent of the world 's people now living outside the country of their birth , un secretary general kofi annan on friday urged nations worried about terror not to clamp down too hard on immigration  .
turkey 's top consultative body on friday said the country would not be intimidated by a wave of deadly bombings in istanbul and called for greater international cooperation to fight terrorism  .
former international fly-half rob andrew is backing his protege jonny wilkinson to guide england to a world cup final triumph against australia in sydney on saturday and help erase the misery he endured twelve years ago  .
russia 's lower house of parliament friday extended by two years the deadline for businesses to buy or lease land under their building -- a week after president vladimir putin called for the measure  .
russia friday appealed for restraint in georgia , where government and opposition supporters readied to face off in weekend protests over results of a disputed parliamentary election  .
the head of a rwandan rebel group operating in the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- and blamed for rwanda 's  genocide called friday on his former  to follow his example and surrender  .
four people were killed and  injured friday in a grenade attack on a stall in south baghdad selling alcohol on the muslim day of rest during the holy fasting month of ramadan , hospital officials said  .
the us-led consortium in charge of building nuclear power plants in north korea on friday said it was suspending the project for one year due to a simmering nuclear crisis with the stalinist state  .
leaders of  central and eastern european nations on friday called for greater cooperation with the european union in a bid to overcome possible negative effects from the bloc 's expansion next year  .
francisco maturana has been ousted as colombia coach following their poor south american world cup qualifier campaign but is stalling on his departure , federation officials claimed friday  .
the us-led consortium in charge of building two nuclear power plants in north korea on friday said it was suspending the project for one year due to a simmering nuclear crisis with the energy-starved stalinist state  .
new york mayor michael bloomberg will visit israel and kosovo early next week , the mayor 's office said friday  .
four people were killed , including a child , and  others injured friday in a grenade attack on a stall in south baghdad selling alcohol on the muslim day of rest during the holy fasting month of ramadan , hospital officials said  .
british muslim leaders angrily accused a government minister friday of lecturing after he called on them to be stronger in condemning terrorism following deadly bombings in istanbul  .
an industry group representing fixed telephone carriers asked a court friday to block new `` portability '' rules that allow customers to switch from standard wireline service to wireless with the same phone number  .
police in zimbabwe friday arrested , illegal foreign exchange dealers in the second city of bulawayo and seized the equivalent , dollars in both local and foreign currency , state television said friday  .
percent in the third quarter , bringing the economic decline to  .
percent in  so far , the central bank said thursday  .
the british embassy in tehran was hit by a firebomb friday , with the broad daylight attack causing some fire damage to the mission 's gate but no casualties , a british diplomat said  .
ivory coast president laurent gbagbo is to travel next week to mali and burkina faso , with whom relations have been strained since an army rebellion  months ago in the world 's top cocoa producer , state radio reported friday  .
un secretary general kofi annan declared his `` great sadness '' friday at the death of david dacko , the first president of the central african republic  .
the united states on friday urged georgia to probe what it called `` massive fraud '' during recent parliamentary elections  .
air traffic controllers have gone on strike in zimbabwe over pay , the head of organization said friday  .
the united states said friday it took `` seriously '' china 's protests over plans to introduce import quotas on certain textiles  .
polish prime minister leszek miller said on friday his country 's troops would stay in iraq despite car bomb attacks in turkey which killed at least  people and injured more than   .
a  visit by liberian interim chairman gyude bryant was set to take place monday , the ivorian presidential office said friday  .
the us department of state on friday backed off demands to take iran 's nuclear program before the un security council  .
liverpool boss gerard houllier believes the return from injury of michael owen for saturday 's match at middlesbrough could be the spark his side needs to rejuvenate their faltering season  .
two close associates of president lucio gutierrez , including a cabinet minister , resigned on friday after their links to a brother of a suspected ecuadoran drug trafficker surfaced  .
a jury deliberated friday on whether to sentence washington sniper john allen muhammad to death after finding him guilty of murder on monday , a court spokeswoman said  .
a new bill introduced in the us congress offers asylum or refugee status to north koreans fleeing persecution in their stalinist homeland and to encourage us families to adopt young north koreans  .
un secretary general kofi annan on friday expressed concern over the crisis in the caucasus nation of georgia over a disputed election  .
two probes launched to mars this year are having a smooth journey to the red planet , despite recent solar storms , and are set to meet their scheduled arrival dates , nasa said friday  .
champions lyon went to the top of the french first division on friday after a last minute penalty earned them a - win against strasbourg  .
the united states on friday abruptly canceled a visa issued to haiti 's interior minister   , who is close to president jean bertrand aristide , us officials said  .
the los angeles clippers waived chinese center wang zhizhi on friday , to make room for national basketball association journeyman doug overton  .
us stocks finished with slender gains friday as wall street steadied after several rocky sessions  .
the international consortium building two nuclear power plants in north korea on friday suspended the project for one year over a simmering nuclear crisis with the energy-starved stalinist state  .
major league soccer on friday announced plans to expand by two teams in   .
the us food and drug administration on friday approved anti-impotence drug cialis developed by eli lilly and icos , setting up a new rival for pfizer 's blockbuster viagra  .
oil prices were mixed friday after a rocket attack on the iraqi oil ministry in baghdad raised fears of yet another setback to boosting the country 's crude exports  .
kansas city wizards veteran midfielder preki became major league soccer 's first two-time most valuable player on friday , capturing the award six years after collecting his initial one  .
german chancellor gerhard schroeder on friday warned that it was up to the united states to take action to avoid a trade war with the european union over us steel tariffs  .
the dollar edged lower friday as investors stayed cautious despite indications the euro 's recent rally might have run out of steam  .
top us and south korean envoys friday fine-tuned a security assurance for north korea ahead of planned nuclear crisis talks hours before a us-led consortium suspended an energy project in the communist state  .
world anti-doping agency wada decided on friday to give governments more time to pay their contributions to the body but warned defaulters that they could be dropped from the organization if the problem continued  .
the largest conventional bomb in the us arsenal -- a , pound -lrb- , kilogram -rrb- behemoth known as the mother of all bombs -- was successfully tested friday at a florida range , the air force said  .
ice hockey icon wayne gretzky is returning to the great white north as the national hockey league takes to the great outdoors  .
the us government on friday issued a worldwide alert over the threat of terrorist attacks  .
bush said friday that his three day state visit to britain had reaffirmed the `` special relationship '' between the two countries  .
new york attorney general eliot spitzer , who has launched a wave of investigations into the us mutual fund industry , warned friday he would bring criminal charges against more firms and seek to jail top executives  .
the us government on friday issued a worldwide warning that al-qaeda may stage new attacks  .
bush said friday that his three day state visit to britain had reaffirmed the `` special relationship '' between the two countries  .
mark mcnulty of zimbabwe birdied four holes on the back nine en route to a four-under-par  and medalist honors at the champions tour 's national qualifying tournament  .
bush returned friday from a state visit to britain insisting on the importance of the `` special relationship '' between the two countries despite public hostility to the us-led occupation of iraq  .
two former quebec prime ministers have won a new defamation case against a broker who in  made comparisons between them and adolf hitler , a lawyer said friday  .
kennedy ahead of saturday 's th anniversary of his assassination in dallas  .
laura davies is trying to regain `` big fish '' status  .
fans of michael jackson on friday announced plans for a worldwide series of candlelight vigils in support of the singer against charges of child molestation  .
the united states on friday lifted sanctions against countries that refused to sign a deal over the international criminal court because of their support for the us war in iraq and afghanistan  .
rockets fired from donkey carts targeted two baghdad hotels and the oil ministry on friday while defiant us and british leaders vowed not to retreat from iraq and to defeat terrorism  .
moldova 's breakaway region of transdniestr lifted its sanctions banning key moldovan officials from crossing its borders , as a gesture of good will , separatist officials said  .
bush returned friday from a state visit to britain insisting on the importance of the `` special relationship '' between the two countries despite public hostility to the us-led occupation of iraq  .
the chinese foreign ministry has warned the united states against sending the `` wrong signals '' to taiwanese politicians advocating independence from the mainland , the ministry 's website said saturday  .
italian authorities have asked the police to tighten security around sensitive targets throughout the country and are planning to deport a number of muslim extremists , a government official announced  .
calgary flames left wing krzysztof oliwa on friday was suspended for two games , without pay , by the national hockey league as a result of being assessed a match penalty in thursday 's - victory over the montreal canadiens  .
many pundits say the rugby world cup final between australia and england here saturday at olympic stadium is too close to call but , in the betting stakes at least , england are well ahead  .
the australian government said saturday that it was not surprised after further evidence emerged that suspected extremist willie brigitte had been planning an attack here before he was deported  .
more than  elderly protesters detained after staging a sit-in on the doorstep of the communist party have dodged provincial police arriving to take them home , one of the escapees said  .
a blaze swept through a nurses residence at a military hospital in riyadh on saturday `` slightly injuring '' seven south african and five filipino nurses , a civil defense spokesman said  .
taiwan on saturday urged beijing to seriously consider its proposition for talks to set up the first  flights to the island  .
a massive explosion left a huge crater in the ground outside the main police station in this hotspot town north of baghdad early saturday , an afp correspondent witnessed  .
eight hindi-speaking labourers were killed and two injured saturday in an attack in the northeastern indian state of assam , bringing the death toll in a week of ethnic clashes to  , police said  .
asians are more likely to contract sars than others , a leading chinese expert on the deadly virus was quoted as saying by local media saturday  .
seven people who took part in demonstrations last month in saudi arabia have been sentenced to jail terms , a newspaper reported saturday  .
north korea issued a furious attack on donald rumsfeld on saturday , describing the us defense secretary as a butcher worse than hitler after he described the pyongyang regime as `` evil ''  .
five iraqis were killed and at least nine wounded early saturday when a car bomb hit a police station in the small town of khan bani saad north of the capital , police said  .
five iraqi police were killed and at least nine wounded early saturday when a car bomb blew up outside their station in the town of khan bani saad north of the capital , police said  .
security was tight saturday in a southern bangladeshi district after the home of a local leader of the main opposition awami league was torched injuring six people , police said  .
five iraqi police were killed and at least nine wounded early saturday when a car bomb blew up outside their station in the town of khan bani saad north of the capital , police said  .
jal travel co , a member of the japan airlines group , will open china 's first wholly-owned foreign travel agency on december  , chinese state media reported saturday  .
a civilian plane declared an `` in-flight emergency '' near baghdad airport early saturday but landed safely with no preliminary reports of casualties , a senior us officer said  .
bush returned from a state visit to britain insisting on the importance of the `` special relationship '' between the two countries despite public hostility to the us-led occupation of iraq  .
six iraqis were killed , including a nine-year-old girl , and  wounded early saturday when a car bomb hit a police station in this hotspot town north of baghdad , police said  .
india ordered federal detectives to probe a  million-dollar legal document forging scam in which a bombay financier allegedly bribed police and politicians , a report said saturday  .
china 's ding meiyuan twice broke the women 's over-kg snatch world record en route to gold at the world weightlifting championships on friday  .
the government military chief of indonesia 's insurgency-hit aceh province was replaced saturday after leading a huge operation that has so far failed to capture any senior rebels  .
a plane belonging to international express courier dhl made an emergency landing at baghdad airport saturday , the us military said , amid witness reports it had been hit by a surface-to-air missile  .
iran 's representative to the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- , ali akbar salehi , has voiced optimism over the outcome of talks with the un nuclear watchdog in vienna , state television reported saturday  .
china will not retaliate in a developing trade spat with the united states by dumping us treasuries , state media reported , citing the agency in charge of the country 's ballooning forex reserves  .
india ordered federal detectives to probe a  million-dollar legal document forging scam in which a bombay financier allegedly bribed police and politicians , a report said saturday  .
tensions have risen after shooting was heard over the past two nights in the religiously divided poso district of indonesia 's central sulawesi , police there said saturday  .
palestinian and israeli officials are gearing up for a resumption of peace talks , sources close to palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei said saturday  .
spain 's long-awaited royal wedding of the heir to the throne prince felipe de bourbon to his fiancee , former television journalist letizia ortiz  , will be held on may  next year in madrid , the royal household announced saturday  .
three chinese nationals were arrested as philippine police carried out their second massive drug bust in a single day , a senior police official said saturday  .
international express courier dhl said saturday one of its planes was forced to make an emergency landing in baghdad but declined to confirm the freighter was hit by a surface-to-air missile  .
west indies captain brian lara won the toss and opted to bat first , as the five-match one-day series got underway at the queens sports club here on saturday  .
the south africa rugby players ' association -lrb-  -rrb- will request an inquiry into the `` barbaric '' military-style manner in which the springboks were trained for the rugby world cup , local media reported saturday  .
former grand slam doubles champion mark woodforde was on saturday announced as australia 's new fed cup tennis coach  .
brazilian striker  scored a hat-trick to lead nagoya grampus eight to a - victory over urawa red diamonds in the j-league football on saturday  .
croatians living in  countries on saturday began casting ballots to elect representatives in parliament , one day ahead of their fellow citizens , national radio reported  .
china will allow foreign investors to buy minority share holdings in film production companies beginning from next month , state media reported saturday  .
spanish number one juan carlos ferrero arrived here on saturday but rain upset his hopes of a  ahead of next week 's davis cup tennis final on grass against australia  .
georgia 's embattled president eduard shevardnadze on saturday called on the country 's newly-elected parliament to convene for the first time since a disputed poll as massive opposition protests continued  .
turkish politicians and artists gathered saturday in an istanbul theater to pay tribute to top actor kerem  , one of the victims of the suicide bombings that rocked the city two days ago  .
madhav kumar nepal , the consensus candidate for prime minister of the parties opposed to the government , said he met in india with top maoist rebel prachanda and that the kingdom would soon witness a major `` political development  .
southampton chairman rupert lowe has accused english premiership rival 's leeds of breaking every rule in the book in their bid to poach manager gordon strachan  .
the united states will release around  of the -odd prisoners being held in guantanamo in the coming week , the us ambassador at large for war crimes , pierre-richard prosper , was quoted saturday as telling the spanish media  .
three peruvians , including a woman , and a mexican have been arrested for allegedly stealing money from vehicles belonging to commercial banks in the muscat governorate , omani police said saturday  .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan said his country was shamed by the fact that suicide bombers behind massive attacks in istanbul over the past week were turkish nationals  .
uganda 's anglican church announced saturday that it had severed relations with their counterpart in the united states after an openly gay bishop was consecrated earlier this month  .
a former close aide of prime minister silvio berlusconi , deputy cesare previti , was jailed for five years saturday by a milan court for bribing magistrates  .
former us president bill clinton finished a visit to india dedicated to fighting the aids epidemic with a private tour saturday of the taj mahal  .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan voiced his country 's `` shame '' saturday that suicide bombers behind massive attacks in istanbul over the past week were turkish nationals  .
on the richter scale saturday jolted the pokhara valley , a popular tourist destination in western nepal , but no damage or injuries were reported  .
us oil major chevron texaco said it had halted production of , barrels of oil per day -lrb- bpd -rrb- in southern nigeria after  of its workers were taken hostage there this week  .
georgia 's opposition leader on saturday gave president eduard shevardnadze  minutes to admit defeat as tens of thousands of protesters gathered in the capital of the caucasus country  .
three british men have been jailed for  to  months by a court in dieppe for trying to smuggle  indian illegal immigrants into britain , court officials said saturday  .
thousands of people hit the streets in major cities around turkey amid high security saturday in protest at a wave of deadly bombings in istanbul over the past week  .
istanbul 's police chief saturday blamed `` irresponsible '' reporting by the turkish media for the second of two bomb attacks in the city over the past week , saying police had been just an hour away from catching the bombers  .
a second suspected case of meat being injected with rat poison has been detected in a swedish supermarket , the daily aftonbladet reported saturday  .
police fired smoke canisters at thousands of protestors as they marched towards the office of president eduard shevardnadze saturday  .
a court in rabat sentenced  muslim militants to  years in prison on saturday for plotting terrorist attacks while  other defendants were given jail terms ranging from two to  years , a judicial source said  .
a beijing court has canceled a session originally set to contemplate new evidence against a us-based dissident accused of espionage , a hong kong-based rights group said saturday  .
french sports minister jean-francois lamour moved saturday to save the french grand prix amid reports that it has been canceled due to financial problems  .
police fired smoke canisters at thousands of protestors as they broke through their cordon on saturday and marched towards the offices of president eduard shevardnadze , chanting `` resign , resign  !
us oil major chevron texaco has shut down production on four offshore oil platforms in southern nigeria amounting to , barrels of oil per day -lrb- bpd -rrb- after  of its workers were taken hostage there this week  .
england captain martin johnson was elated after his side 's last gasp world cup final victory against australia at olympic stadium here saturday  .
a court in rabat has issued warrants for five men , one of them with british nationality , on terrorist charges in connection with the suicide attacks in casablanca in may , in which  people were killed , the moroccan news agency map reported  .
ten people , five of them butchers , have been arrested for passing donkey meat off as beef during the holy fasting month of ramadan , algerian radio reported saturday  .
a court in rabat sentenced  muslim militants to  years in prison on saturday for plotting terrorist attacks while  other defendants were given jail terms ranging from two to  years , a judicial source said  .
defeated australia captain george gregan said he was `` proud '' of his team after they lost a thrilling world cup final against england at olympic stadium here saturday  .
dubai 's government-owned airline emirates on saturday signed a leasing contract for a new airbus a- , the world 's longest range plane , at a cost of  .
chris gayle and brian lara combined with centuries each to power the west indies to  for six from  overs in the first of a series of five cricket one-day internationals against zimbabwe here on saturday  .
england coach clive woodward said he was `` speechless '' after his side defeated australia in a dramatic world cup final at olympic stadium here saturday  .
kristina smigun of estonia won the women 's km freestyle cross country skiing race , the second event in the world cup series here on saturday  .
italy is one of the `` major targets of islamic terrorism '' , said interior minister guiseppe pisanu on saturday , a day after security was heightened across the country  .
cameroon have not lifted an african club trophy for  years despite being among the leading football nations on the continent  .
a milan court sentenced prime minister silvio berlusconi 's former lawyer , deputy cesare previti , to five years in jail saturday for bribing a judge  .
a far-flung town on the southwestern tip of australia played unlikely host to teams of war weary footballers saturday as players from iraq and afghanistan swapped tips and spoke of a future free from conflict  .
taiwanese teenager lo  and chen chung-cheng hogged the limelight in the , us dollar acer taiwan open saturday , which saw the third round suspended due to fading light  .
british prime minister tony blair on saturday hailed the english rugby union team after their - world cup win over australia in sydney as `` a fantastic day for english rugby and for england  .
kristina smigun of estonia won the women 's km freestyle cross country skiing race , the second event in the world cup series here on saturday  .
rugby 's world cup final went off smoothly here saturday police said with no major incidents reported  .
embattled georgian president eduard shevardnadze opened a session of the country 's new parliament saturday amid massive protests demanding his resignation  .
bayer leverkusen 's german international bernd schneider claims finishing in the top three would be a major achievement for the team this season insisting that bayern munich were still strong favorites for the german crown  .
england hero jonny wilkinson 's mother  was on her way home from shopping in northeast england when a supermarket worker gave her the news that her son had won the world cup  .
italy is one of the `` major targets of islamic terrorism '' , said interior minister guiseppe pisanu on saturday , a day after security was heightened across the country  .
iran again challenged on saturday reports of an attack on the british embassy in tehran , denying that a firebomb was thrown at the building 's gate the day earlier , the student news agency isna reported  .
the  of more than  urine samples from the world athletics championships produced two cases of the designer steroid thg , the international association of athletics federations -lrb- iaaf -rrb- said on saturday  .
french number one amelie mauresmo claimed the first point in the fed cup tennis final here on saturday when she crushed american lisa raymond in straight sets  .
'' stormed the georgian parliament saturday as embattled president eduard shevardnadze addressed the deputies  .
pakistan cricket board saturday pulled its chief 's son from a -man national squad against new zealand a day after his controversial selection triggered a wave of media criticism  .
protesters demanding the resignation of president eduard shevardnadze seized control of the parliament on saturday as the georgian leader was making an address to the deputies  .
india 's private sahara business group announced on saturday that it would build , earthquake-resistant houses in six cities this year  .
italy 's pietro piller cottrer won the men 's km freestyle cross country skiing race , the second event in the world cup series here on saturday  .
protesters demanding the resignation of president eduard shevardnadze seized control of the parliament on saturday as the georgian leader was making an address to the deputies  .
georgian president eduard shevardnadze refused to resign saturday after bodyguards dragged him from the parliament building as protesters seized control of the chamber  .
afghanistan has increased civil servants ' salaries by  percent but most will still struggle even on their new pay , finance ministry officials said on saturday  .
jordan 's royal wings has suspended the only commercial flights to baghdad after a plane belonging to international express courier dhl was hit by a missile over the iraqi capital , an official told afp saturday  .
israeli troops killed an -year-old palestinian boy and a hamas militant saturday in two separate incidents in the west bank and gaza strip , medical and security sources said  .
georgian president eduard shevardnadze refused to resign saturday after bodyguards dragged him from the parliament building as protesters seized control of the chamber  .
us-led forces have opened a new provincial reconstruction team -lrb- prt -rrb- to help improve security and extend afghan president karzai 's reach in kabul and four surrounding provinces , the us military said on saturday  .
the  of more than  urine samples from the world athletics championships produced two cases of the designer steroid thg , the international association of athletics federations -lrb- iaaf -rrb- said on saturday  .
israeli warplanes flew over lebanon saturday as the country celebrated  years of independence , just three days after renewed un warnings that doing so could escalate regional tension , officials said  .
the european union 's racism watchdog refrained from publishing a report on anti-semitism that said muslims and pro-palestinian groups were behind many attacks , the financial times reported saturday  .
former president badruddoza chowdhury called saturday on civil society in politically polarised bangladesh to come together to steer the country away from an impending `` crisis  .
istanbul jews closed all  of their synagogues on saturday and met secretly for sabbath prayers for fear of attack , a week after two truck bombs targeted their community  .
jordan 's royal wings has suspended the only commercial flights to baghdad after a plane belonging to international express courier dhl was hit by a missile over the iraqi capital , an official told afp saturday  .
five pakistanis held by the us military at the guantanamo bay detention center in cuba returned home saturday , senior interior ministry official brigadier iqbal cheema said  .
ruud van nistelrooy picked up where he left off for holland in midweek with his th goal of the season as manchester united were made to sweat for a - win over blackburn at old trafford on saturday  .
vfb stuttgart defender andreas hinkel has brought an end to speculation about his future by signing a contract extension until   .
jordan 's king abdullah ii has ordered the release of  common law criminals for the eid al-fitr holiday which ends the holy fasting month of ramadan , government spokeswoman asma khodr said saturday  .
the georgian president 's office said on saturday there had been a `` coup d'etat '' after protesters demanding the resignation of president eduard shevardnadze overran the parliament building in the capital  .
french grand prix organisers confirmed on saturday that next year 's race has been scrapped , but said they had signed a new five-year deal with formula one supremo bernie ecclestone to keep the event at magny-cours from   .
georgia 's opposition saturday declared one of its leaders interim president after its supporters overran parliament  .
georgian president eduard shevardnadze declared a state of emergency saturday after opposition supporters overran parliament  .
amelie mauresmo and mary pierce moved france to within one point of their first ever fed cup win over the united states with a - lead after the first day saturday of the best-of-five final  .
istanbul 's police chief saturday blamed `` irresponsible '' reporting by turkey 's media for the second of two massive bomb attacks in the city over the past week , saying police had been just an hour away from catching the bombers  .
several hundred muslims from all over germany marched through the streets of berlin saturday to denounce israeli occupation of jerusalem and the west bank  .
centuries from chris gayle and brian lara set west indies to their second best score in one-day internationals as they ripped through zimbabwe here on saturday  .
georgian president eduard shevardnadze declared a state of emergency saturday after opposition supporters overran parliament  .
international courier dhl said saturday it was looking at suspending its flights in iraq after one of its planes was hit by a surface-to-air missile and forced back to baghdad  .
georgia 's opposition saturday declared one of its leaders interim president after its supporters overran parliament  .
an explosion occurred behind the intercontinental hotel in the afghan capital of kabul saturday evening , smashing windows , though it was not known if there were casualties , police and witnesses said  .
the death toll from double suicide bomb attacks in istanbul earlier this week rose to  when a turkish woman died on saturday , a spokesman for the city 's health department said  .
international courier dhl said on saturday it was looking at suspending its flights in iraq after one of its planes was hit by a surface-to-air missile after it took off from baghdad airport and was forced to make an emergency landing  .
centuries from chris gayle and brian lara set west indies on the way to their second best score in one-day internationals as they ripped through zimbabwe here on saturday  .
iran has handed over to turkey seven members of kadek , a turkish-based separatist kurd organization , who had been in iranian custody since march , the isna news agency reported  .
french president jacques chirac saturday hailed england 's world cup win over australia as ``  '' and `` a victory for europe '' in a letter addressed to british prime minister tony blair  .
a rocket exploded near the intercontinental hotel in the afghan capital saturday evening but there were no reports of any casualties , an international security assistance force spokesman and witnesses said  .
the us-led coalition sees no need for a un-organised conference on iraq , as mooted by russia with franco-german support , its civilian spokesman charles heatly said here saturday  .
the senate has stalled a -billion-dollar energy bill whose republican backers say would bolster a creaky power grid and cut us dependence on foreign oil  .
england captain david beckham on saturday paid tribute to the world cup-winning england rugby team , and in particular jonny wilkinson for his game-winning drop goal that handed england a - victory  .
double cheltenham gold cup winner best mate suffered a surprise defeat on saturday when french six-year-old jair du cochet won the peterborough chase at huntingdon  .
volkswagen calls its most luxurious automobile the  , but after it emerged saturday that the company has mislaid no fewer than  of the ,-euro -lrb- ,-dollar -rrb- machines , it might perhaps be renamed the phantom  .
international courier dhl said saturday it was suspending flights to iraq after one of its planes was hit by a surface-to-air missile and forced to return to baghdad airport  .
the internationals clinched a memorable clean-sweep on saturday winning all six fourballs to open up a   -   lead over the united states to set up a thrilling final day at the presidents cup  .
israeli troops killed an -year-old palestinian boy and a hamas militant saturday in two separate incidents in the west bank and gaza strip , medical and security sources said  .
thousands of georgian opposition supporters demanding the resignation of president eduard shevardnadze stormed the presidential building late saturday , vowing to take over shevardnadze 's office  .
some  suspected taliban prisoners , including  pakistanis , were saturday released from an infamous jail in northern afghanistan ahead of the muslim eid al-fitr festival , an official said  .
the nigerian police sought on saturday to allay fears of a possible extremist attack in the country after rumors of insecurity spread through lagos  .
russian president vladimir putin is sending his foreign minister to georgia , a presidential spokesman told interfax news agency saturday  .
a chris sutton hat-trick helped celtic extend their unbeaten start to their league campaign to  games as dundee united were swept aside - at tannadice  .
the st mary 's crowd called for him to stay but gordon strachan may have overseen his last match as southampton manager in a - defeat by chelsea on saturday  .
britain 's queen elizabeth ii has passed on her congratulations to the world cup-winning england rugby team , a buckingham palace spokeswoman said saturday  .
liverpool welcomed back michael owen on saturday but even the england marksman was unable to find the back of the net as gerard houllier 's side drew - with middlesbrough  .
leicester city were deprived of a precious victory after an apparent dive by paolo di canio secured a penalty and a point for charlton at the walkers stadium  .
everton grabbed a welcome three points on saturday with a - win over a disappointing wolves that lifted david moyes ' premiership strugglers out of the relegation zone  .
in the home region of rugby world cup winner jonny wilkinson , alan shearer proved he too has an eye for goal as he notched up  goals under manager sir bobby robson at newcastle  .
bundesliga referee herbert  has admitted that he made a mistake in sending off bayern munich 's hasan salihamidzic during saturday 's derby match with  munich at the olympic stadium  .
a milan court sentenced prime minister silvio berlusconi 's former lawyer , deputy cesare previti , to five years in jail saturday for bribing a judge  .
iraq 's northern oil center of kirkuk has been suffering petrol shortages since lorry tankers from turkey stopped exporting supplies due to deteriorating security , oil officials said saturday  .
here is a chronology of major events in georgia 's political crisis following contested parliamentary elections on november   .
controversial american sprinter jon drummond was on saturday given a `` serious formal warning '' by the governing body of athletics after his on-track protest at august 's world championships  .
georgia 's embattled president eduard shevardnadze has talked by telephone with us secretary of state colin powell and russian president vladimir putin , the georgian presidency said late saturday  .
two israeli watchmen appointed to guard the separation barrier being built by israel across the west bank , in east jerusalem , died from their wounds saturday night , medical officials said  .
thousands of people on saturday called for the resignation of lithuanian president rolandas paksas who is embroiled in a scandal over alleged links between his office and organized crime , while his supporters held a counter-demonstration  .
un secretary general kofi annan was following events in georgia `` with concern '' saturday , after protesters stormed the parliament building in tbilisi , demanding president eduard shevardnadze 's resignation  .
georgia 's  television station went off the air late saturday and an opposition station said the authorities were trying to shut it down  .
georgian president eduard shevardnadze , who called a state of emergency after opposition protestors stormed parliament , has talked by telephone with us secretary of state colin powell and russian president vladimir putin , shevardnadze 's office said late saturday  .
family and friends rushed to michael jackson 's defense , while fans planned candlelight vigils saturday to let shine the light of their faith in their idol , who stands charged with child molestation  .
georgia 's  television station went off the air late saturday and an opposition station said the authorities were trying to shut it down  .
nino burjanadze , declared interim president by georgia 's opposition saturday , is a moderate who started her political career as a protege of embattled head of state eduard shevardnadze  .
german foreign minister joschka fischer will travel to ankara monday for talks with his turkish counterpart abdullah gul on how to fight extremism and on turkey 's eu membership bid , his spokesman said saturday  .
two israeli watchmen appointed to guard the separation barrier being built by israel across the west bank , in east jerusalem , died from their wounds saturday night , medical officials and israeli police said  .
world champion yevgeny plyushchenko and skating pair tatiana totmianina and maxim marinin handed the hosts two victories at the russia cup , the fifth leg of the isu grand prix series , here on saturday  .
the commonwealth of independent states -lrb- cis -rrb- on saturday condemned the political turmoil convulsing georgia as `` unconstitutional '' and `` unacceptable '' and urged the country 's opposition to respect democracy principles and the rule of law  .
the london-based human rights organization amnesty international called on egypt saturday to clamp down on the `` persistence of the phenomenon of torture and ill-treatment '' of prisoners  .
polish prime minister leszek miller on saturday strongly criticised a decision by the belgian parliament to put back a debate on the ratification of the landmark eu treaty on enlargement  .
american erik schlopy tore a ligament in his left knee saturday as he crashed out of the first leg of the world cup giant slalom here , the us ski federation said  .
the us department of defense said saturday it can not confirm at the moment reports of an impending release of some foreign prisoners held by the us military at its base in guantanamo bay , cuba  .
american bode miller won the second giant slalom of the - world cup season here on saturday , ahead of austrians andreas schifferer and hans knauss  .
lord 's resistance army -lrb- lra -rrb- rebels operating in northern uganda have been blamed for an attack on a village in the north of the country in which one person died and about fifty houses were burned down  .
the international community on saturday called on the government of georgia and thousands of protesters caught up in a dramatic stand-off in the capital tbilisi to try to find a peaceful way out of the crisis  .
sheikh nasser bin hamad al-fahd , a well-known extremist cleric , has become the second saudi dissident leader to repent and denounce a deadly suicide bombing in riyadh in less than a week  .
thousands of demonstrators marched through the italian capital rome and in other italian cities on saturday to protest at the war in iraq and to demand more job security  .
english rugby chiefs believe saturday 's stunning world cup triumph in sydney could be the launchpad for a boom in the sport here  .
russian foreign minister igor ivanov arrived in the georgian capital tbilisi early sunday for talks with both the government and the opposition which stormed the parliament saturday after weeks of protest , the interfax news agency reported  .
russian foreign minister igor ivanov arrived in the georgian capital tbilisi early sunday for talks with both the government and the opposition which stormed the parliament saturday after weeks of protest  .
russian foreign minister igor ivanov arrived in the georgian capital tbilisi early sunday for talks with both the government and the opposition which stormed the parliament saturday after weeks of protest  .
a call for worldwide vigils in support of pop star michael jackson drew a meager response in new york on saturday , with only a dozen loyal fans turning out for a candlelight rally in times square  .
exhaustion , jet lag , pink eye and the most difficult course on the lpga tour are no match for annika sorenstam  .
australian police pulled off the most extensive security clampdown since the  olympics sunday , arresting just four unruly rugby world cup fans  .
british newspapers sunday waxed lyrical about england 's world cup winning rugby team , singling out match winner jonny wilkinson for special praise  .
family and friends rushed to michael jackson 's defense , while fans planned candlelight vigils saturday to let shine the light of their faith in their idol , who stands charged with child molestation  .
from buckingham palace to becks - praise rolled in for england 's rugby world cup winners and especially goal-kicking hero jonny wilkinson  .
american bode miller continued his early dominance of the world cup ski circuit saturday , claiming his second straight giant slalom victory in the season 's second race  .
leeds caretaker boss eddie gray has issued a grim warning for whoever becomes the club 's next permanent manager - relegation and the financial meltdown that would follow are firmly on the cards  .
australian coach chris anderson was full of praise for his team after their - third test win over great britain here on saturday secured a first ashes clean-sweep  .
chinese premier wen jiabao has urged the united states to deter taiwan from adopting laws that could pave the way for a referendum on the island 's independence , warning that china would `` pay any price to safeguard the unity of the motherland , '' the washington post reported on its web site saturday  .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan spoke saturday of his shame that the bombers who blew themselves in a week of carnage in istanbul were fellow turks as police rounded up more suspects  .
wayne gretzky led a team of edmonton alumni to a - shut-out of a team of  saturday , the glittering group of old-timers acting as the warm-up act for the national hockey league 's first outdoor regular-season game  .
chinese premier wen jiabao has urged the united states to deter taiwan from adopting laws that could pave the way for a referendum on the island 's independence , warning that china would `` pay any price to safeguard the unity of the motherland , '' the washington post reported on its web site saturday  .
asylum seekers refused refugee status in britain could have their children taken into care if they refuse voluntary repatriation under government plans to be outlined this week , the home office confirmed sunday  .
croatians go to the polls sunday for a legislative election , opposing the incumbent moderates and nationalist opposition , that will decide who will lead the balkan country into the european union  .
south korea 's semi-final showing at the  football world cup should set an example to rugby if the  renewal is to be more competitive , australian coach eddie jones said  .
hong kong residents were voting sunday in elections seen as the first test of support for political change since massive pro-democracy protests in july shook the city  .
new zealand coach john mitchell should n't have to undergo the humiliation of  for his job said england 's victorious world cup coach clive woodward  .
russian foreign minister igor ivanov arrived in the georgian capital tbilisi early sunday for talks with both the government and the opposition which stormed the parliament saturday after weeks of protest  .
chinese president hu jintao has called on the country 's public security departments to step up efforts to improve law and order , state media said sunday  .
leaders of georgia 's breakaway republics of abkhazia and south ossetia kept a close eye on the turmoil boiling in tbilisi , the two regions ' top officials said  .
malaysian prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi has condemned the recent suicide bombings in turkey which left  people dead and injured hundreds , saying the attacks tarnished islam  .
creditors stepped up pressure sunday on the patriarch of south korea 's second largest conglomerate lg group , warning the group 's ailing credit card unit could be insolvent this week  .
foreign affairs minister alexander downer said sunday an australian man , suspected of being a saddam hussein loyalist , had been arrested by british troops in iraq  .
thai police inspected hundreds of orang-utans and tigers in a raid on a private bangkok zoo as part of a campaign to wipe out illegal wildlife trade , reports said sunday  .
the us federal bureau of investigation is routinely monitoring civic groups it believes might commit acts of violence or terrorism in the hope of furthering political goals , a bureau official said late saturday  .
the government said sunday an australian woman was killed in the bombings in turkey , correcting previous information that none of its nationals were among the  dead  .
the anglican archbishop of sydney threatened sunday to turn his back on the world 's anglican authority over its tolerance of gay clergy , warning of the possibility of a global split in the church  .
australia coach eddie jones said sunday rugby union had to look at new ways of preventing the game being constantly interrupted by injury stoppages  .
the government said sunday an australian woman was killed in the recent bombings in turkey , correcting previous information that none of its nationals were among the dead  .
mexico 's javier jauregui won the vacant international boxing federation lightweight title saturday , stopping  johnson in the th round of their scheduled -rounder  .
taiwan 's health authorities were on alert sunday due to a spate of dysentery cases amongst taiwanese tourists who have visited indonesia 's popular resort island of bali  .
hong kong 's health chief sunday warned people to keep up their guard against a possible resurgence of the deadly sars virus and other infectious diseases amid a gastroenteritis outbreak  .
polling stations opened at : am -lrb-  gmt -rrb- sunday in croatia 's general election , which will decide who leads the balkan country into the european union  .
wayne gretzky led a team of edmonton alumni to a - shut-out of a team of  saturday , the glittering group of old-timers acting as the warm-up act for the national hockey league 's first outdoor regular-season game  .
a drug addict from beijing and five people from southern china 's guangdong province have been executed for robbery , murder and drug manufacturing , state media reported sunday  .
china reported  forest fires in september and october , up  .
percent over the same period last year , state media reported sunday  .
fans of michael jackson held candlelight vigils saturday to support their idol as the entertainer hunkered down at a nevada resort following his arrest this week on child molestation charges  .
foreign affairs minister alexander downer said sunday an australian man , suspected of being a saddam hussein loyalist , had been arrested by british troops in iraq  .
indonesian troops have killed six suspected separatist rebels in clashes and raids in the conflict-hit province of aceh , the military said sunday  .
a visit to iran by italian foreign minister franco frattini has been postponed due to scheduling problems , diplomats said sunday  .
russia 's foreign minister arrived sunday at the residence of embattled georgian president eduard shevardnadze for talks on the political crisis in the country  .
croatians went to the polls sunday for a legislative election , opposing the incumbent moderates and nationalist opposition , that will decide who will lead the balkan country into the european union  .
the iranian foreign ministry said sunday it had launched an investigation into a firebomb attack on the british embassy here , adding that security around the mission had also been stepped up  .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon called egyptian president hosni moubarak to ask about his health following his recent illness , the egyptian press agency mena said sunday  .
hundreds of scientists and tourists were preparing to head south sunday for a chance to glimpse one of the year 's unusual sights -- a a rare solar eclipse over antarctica  .
a court in northeast china has sentenced three people to death for defrauding , people through investment schemes , state media said sunday  .
ten turkish miners are feared dead after an explosion in a coal mine in the southern town of  , the anatolia news agency reported on sunday  .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon called egyptian president hosni mubarak to ask about his health following his recent illness , the egyptian press agency mena said sunday  .
creditors stepped up pressure sunday on the patriarch of south korea 's second largest conglomerate lg group , warning its ailing credit card unit could become insolvent this week  .
istanbul 's british community gathered on sunday to pray for the victims of a string of bombings in the city that killed more than  people , including a top british diplomat  .
a french warship is paying a five-day goodwill visit to the chinese port city of zhanjiang in southern guangdong province , chinese media reported sunday  .
georgia 's opposition leader called for supporters to turn out for a second day of massive protests sunday , a day after protestors stormed parliament and the nation 's embattled president declared a state of emergency  .
rain delayed the start of the third and final one-day cricket international between sri lanka and england at the premadasa stadium here on sunday  .
the taiwanese government is to unveil  ambitious infrastructure projects expected to cost tens of billions of dollars over the next five years , officials said sunday  .
two australian men were trapped in a snow cave in freezing conditions for two days on new zealand 's southern alps after high winds prevented their scheduled pick-up , police said sunday  .
international security assistance force -lrb- isaf -rrb- peacekeepers were sunday investigating an explosion at the intercontinental hotel in west kabul which caused some damage but no casualties  .
three turkish nationals were arrested on suspicion of involvement in a suicide bombing that killed five people in iraq 's northern oil center last week , an official of the kurdish faction that runs the city said sunday  .
for many  iranians , having a drive in a mercedes is something of a dream come true  .
russia 's foreign minister held talks sunday with the embattled georgian president eduard shevardnadze on the political crisis engulfing the former soviet republic  .
a german self-declared cannibal who says his victim volunteered to be eaten has told a sunday newspaper that he wants to write his memoirs to deter other people from following his example  .
an afghan refugee family separated for four years by australia 's hardline refugee policies were finally reunited in new zealand sunday  .
an afghan refugee family separated for four years by australia 's hardline refugee policies was finally reunited in new zealand sunday  .
a moselle wine from the german town of zell was crowned the world 's best riesling after a tasting that put  varieties of the white wine to a test  .
thai police said sunday they would charge the owner of a private bangkok zoo with illegal possession of protected wildlife after a raid exposed hundreds of orang-utans and tigers on the premises  .
around , people were evacuated sunday morning in the northern city of milan to allow bomb disposal experts to defuse a half-ton bomb in the biggest such evacuation since world war ii  .
afghanistan 's ousted taliban sunday claimed responsibility for an explosion at kabul 's largest hotel and warned of further attacks aimed at foreigners  .
at least six maoist rebels were killed sunday when nepalese troops raided a village believed to be used for guerrilla training , police said  .
it is not ``  percent '' sure that al-qaeda was behind thursday 's suicide bombings on british targets in istanbul , turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan said sunday  .
norway won the women 's xkm cross country relay in world cup nordic skiing action here on sunday  .
libya deported some  egyptian workers who were arrested on charges of trying to emigrate illegally to italy , some of the deportees and an airport official said sunday  .
georgia 's opposition leader called on supporters sunday to seize the interior ministry and state television station  .
england 's world cup-winning rugby team are set for a heroes ' welcome when they return from australia on tuesday  .
a south african has been killed and a canadian seriously wounded in an attack near their mining concession in the southeastern katanga region of the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- , their driver said sunday  .
embarrassed indian authorities ordered an inquiry sunday after a special environmentally friendly bus broke down as it brought former us president bill clinton back from the taj mahal  .
georgia 's opposition leader called on supporters sunday to seize the interior ministry and state television station , a day after they stormed the parliament  .
iran 's foreign ministry on sunday angrily dismissed as `` worthless '' a un resolution drafted by canada that rebukes iran for rights violations , and said the text was `` politically motivated ''  .
one person was killed and four others wounded sunday after afghan troops opened fire in kabul as sacked civil servants forced their way into the defense ministry to demand outstanding pay , officials said  .
the european union is sending a special representative to crisis-torn georgia , who will arrive in tbilisi on sunday , the italian foreign ministry , whose country holds the rotating eu presidency , announced here  .
kuwait city , nov  -lrb- afp -rrb- - the installation of the first mobile phone network in southern iraq has been delayed for security reasons , but the kuwaiti contractor insisted sunday the project will go ahead  .
bangladeshi prime minister khaleda zia returned home sunday from an -day pilgrimage to islam 's holy sites in saudi arabia , her office said  .
amelie mauresmo guided france to fed cup victory here on sunday with a - , - win over american meghann shaughnessy which gave the french an unbeatable - lead in the final  .
tens of thousands of demonstrators in  sunday protested government plans to build italy 's first nuclear waste repository in the region in the extreme south of italy  .
georgia 's national guard has joined the opposition in its standoff against embattled president eduard shevardnadze , a leading opposition figure told thousands of protestors in central tbilisi sunday  .
indonesian troops have killed seven suspected separatist rebels , including a district commander , in clashes and raids in the conflict-hit province of aceh , the military and police said sunday  .
china 's premier wen jiabao will pay official visits to the united states , canada , mexico and ethiopia from december  to  , the foreign ministry said sunday  .
amelie mauresmo guided france to fed cup victory here on sunday with a - , - win in an hour over american meghann shaughnessy , which gave the french an unbeatable - lead in the best-of-five final  .
the nigerian government is to recover more than  million dollars from former aviation ministers , managing directors and top officials named in a nigeria airways corruption probe report released sunday  .
polling stations opened in madagascar 's  largest cities on sunday , two weeks after president marc ravalomanana 's i love madagascar -lrb- tim -rrb- party fared well in rural votes  .
`` considerably '' fewer islamic rebels are entering indian kashmir because india has put more troops and better technology on the disputed border with pakistan , a top army official said sunday  .
three malaysian tourists were killed and  others were injured sunday when their bus crashed on a mountain road in southern thailand  .
the west indies were routed by zimbabwe at the queens sports club here on sunday for  all out in the second of a five-match one-day international series  .
world champions england enjoyed a further triple success here sunday following their world cup final win over australia  .
a us soldier was killed and two wounded when their vehicle struck an improvised explosive device of the type favored by iraqi insurgents north of baghdad sunday , a spokesman said  .
georgia 's national guard has joined the opposition in its standoff against embattled president eduard shevardnadze , a leading opposition figure told thousands of protestors in central tbilisi sunday  .
australian jason dawes won the , us dollar acer taiwan open by a comfortable eight strokes over india 's jeev milkha singh for his maiden asian pga tour triumph  .
a un agricultural development fund will work with other countries to help ethiopian farmers market their produce and gain access to credit facilities , a news report said sunday  .
georgia 's opposition leader called on supporters sunday to seize the interior ministry and state television station , a day after they stormed the parliament  .
the third and final one-day cricket international between england and sri lanka was washed out without a ball being bowled at the  stadium here on sunday  .
turkey expressed concern on sunday over the political crisis in neighboring georgia and said it was pressing both sides to reconcile peacefully  .
tatiana navka and roman kostomarov grabbed a third title for russia by winning the ice dance section of the cup of russia , the fifth event of the isu grand prix series here on sunday  .
afghanistan 's ousted taliban sunday said they were behind a blast at kabul 's largest hotel and warned the rare strike on a target in the afghan capital would be followed by more attacks on foreigners  .
iraq 's interim government sunday appointed rand rahim  as ambassador to the united states , the first iraqi envoy to washington in  years  .
england 's world cup-winning rugby team are set for a heroes ' welcome when they return from australia on tuesday  .
the former senior rabbi of the israeli town of ramat gan near tel aviv was found guilty sunday of receiving cash in exchange for certificates showing that people had converted to judaism , judicial sources said  .
here is a chronology of major events in georgia 's political crisis following contested parliamentary elections on november   .
fans of michael jackson held candlelight vigils in the united states and europe this weekend in support of the pop icon arrested earlier last week on charges of molesting a child  .
an egyptian court has freed three men who had already spent three years in jail for a murder they never committed , the government newspaper al-akhbar reported sunday  .
sydney-based forward adrian morley said great britain will have to build on match consistency and develop a winning culture if they are to break their ongoing jinx against rugby league world champions australia  .
germany won the men 's xkm cross country relay in world cup nordic skiing action here on sunday  .
iraq 's interim government on sunday appointed rand rahim  as ambassador to the united states , the first iraqi envoy to washington in  years  .
india on sunday test-fired for a fifth time the brahmos cruise missile it has developed jointly with russia , officials said  .
germany called sunday on authorities and opposition leaders in georgia to avoid bloodshed in the crisis shaking the country amid a controversy over the result of parliamentary elections  .
seven thousand workers from an automobile parts factory blocked railroad lines and city roads in xiangfan city , hubei province to protest against planned layoffs , a human rights group said sunday  .
embattled georgian president eduard shevardnadze told the country 's opposition he was ready to discuss holding early presidential and parliamentary elections in the caucasus country  .
jia qinglin , head of china 's nominal lower house of parliament , began a five-day visit to india sunday saying he wanted to build on the warming relationship between the world 's most populous countries  .
tikrit , iraq ,  forces was killed when he drew a weapon as soldiers moved to arrest him  .
turkey 's deputy prime minister on sunday dismissed suggestions that the deadly bombings in istanbul would distance the country from the eu but said the attacks may have some links with the situation in iraq and the middle east  .
pakistan strongly reacted sunday to a statement by afghan president hamid karzai 's casting doubt over islamabad 's cooperation in the fight against terrorism  .
brazilian ze roberto has handed bayern munich coach ottmar hitzfeld a selection dilemma ahead of the potentially crucial champions league clash against group a rivals celtic  .
portuguese deputy prime minister jose luis arnaut will officially inaugurate the algarve stadium sunday which will host games during next year 's european football championships  .
mozambique 's ruling frelimo party is far ahead of its closest rival , former rebel group renamo , in preliminary results from last week 's municipal elections , officials said late saturday  .
georgia 's embattled president eduard shevardnadze said that members of his government were holding talks sunday with opposition leaders  .
six employees of kellogg brown root , a subsidiary of us oil giant halliburton , were wounded in an explosion at a heavily protected building in iraq 's northern oil center of kirkuk , a kbr spokesperson said here sunday  .
france international goalkeeper gregory coupet will make lyon 's trip to anderlecht on tuesday for their champions league group a clash but is still uncertain to play due to ongoing stomach muscle problems  .
pakistan sunday reacted strongly to a statement by afghan president hamid karzai 's casting doubt over islamabad 's cooperation in the fight against terrorism  .
iraq 's interim government on sunday appointed rand rahim  as ambassador to the united states , the first iraqi envoy to washington in  years , in a move it said was aimed at putting across the `` face of the new iraq ''  .
mobil producing nigeria -lrb- mpn -rrb- , a nigerian subsidiary of the us giant exxonmobil , sunday reported an oil spill in southeastern akwa ibom state  .
percent in the first nine months of this year despite increased production due to favourable weather , industry officials said sunday  .
borussia dortmund president gerd niebaum will stay in his post for a further three years after winning  out of the  votes at dortmund 's annual general meeting  .
israel has decided to release  jordanian prisoners as a goodwill gesture towards its  on the eve of the muslim festival of eid , the prime minister 's office said sunday  .
kuwait 's education ministry denied sunday that a number of school girls were banned from classrooms for not wearing the muslim hijab headscarf , saying the issue has been exaggerated  .
northern ireland 's modern history of violent sectarian strife was born out of partition in  , which kept the northernmost part of the isle under the control of colonial ruler , britain , rather than that of the  irish state in the south  .
northern ireland 's voters go to the polls on wednesday to elect new representatives for the province 's troubled assembly  .
in all ,  parties will battle it out this wednesday in elections for the northern ireland assembly , with  candidates trying to win one of  seats  .
croatia 's picturesque dalmatian coast is enjoying a strong revival in the tourism industry after the - war , and voters here hope it will stay that way after sunday 's general election  .
georgia 's embattled president , eduard shevardnadze , on sunday sacked his national security advisor amid a spiraling conflict with the opposition  .
croatians went to the polls on sunday for legislative elections , the fourth since the balkan country proclaimed independence from the former yugoslavia  .
georgia 's embattled president , eduard shevardnadze , on sunday sacked his national security advisor amid a spiralling conflict with the opposition  .
three us soldiers were killed in northern iraq sunday , including two in the heart of the city of mosul and one near the flashpoint town of baqubah , military spokesmen said  .
air traffic at israel 's ben gurion international airport was suspended sunday as part of ongoing industrial action after baggage handlers refused to load and unload planes  .
zimbabwe batsman mark vermeulen steered his shaky colleagues to victory in a  match at queens sports club here sunday to level the five-match one-day series against west indies at -  .
ireland will place african issues as high up the agenda as possible during its six-month presidency of the european union starting in january , foreign minister brian cowan said here sunday  .
a georgian opposition leader called sunday for thousands of supporters gathered in the center of tbilisi to march on the residence of beleaguered president eduard shevardnadze outside the capital  .
france on sunday called for calm and restraint in georgia , a day after protestors disputing the results of a parliamentary election stormed the parliament and the president declared a state of emergency  .
the international association of athletics federations -lrb- iaaf -rrb- confirmed sunday that the japanese city of fukuoka would host the th world cross country championships in  on april  and   .
three kurdish rebels were killed sunday in northern turkey in a clash with turkish security forces , local officials told anatolia news agency  .
turkmenistan sunday secured their place in the asian preliminary world cup qualifying competition with two late goals against afghanistan at kabul olympic stadium  .
nepalese prime minister surya bahadur thapa arrived here sunday on a three-day visit for talks on strengthening an association of south asian nations which is set to hold a summit in january  .
the trial of  people accused of being involved in the biggest bank fraud in mozambique 's history is due to take place next month , a newspaper reported sunday  .
around , people gathered in a tehran mosque sunday to mark the fifth anniversary of the grisly murders by intelligence agents of two prominent iranian dissidents , voicing renewed calls for justice and a shake-up of the islamic regime  .
a georgian opposition leader sunday urged thousands of supporters gathered in the center of tbilisi to march on the residence of beleaguered president eduard shevardnadze , outside the capital  .
two us-led  have been killed there than anywhere else in the country  .
a german self-declared cannibal who says his victim volunteered to be eaten has told a sunday newspaper that he is sorry and wants to write his memoirs to deter other people from doing the same  .
canadian miner cambior 's new  gold mine is set to begin shipment of gold bars in february , the project 's general manager denis  said sunday  .
afghanistan sunday held a ceremony in memory of slain french un worker bettina goislard who was shot dead by suspected taliban last week , a foreign ministry official said  .
a georgian opposition leader sunday urged thousands of supporters gathered in the center of tbilisi to march on the residence of beleaguered president eduard shevardnadze , outside the capital  .
afghanistan 's ousted taliban sunday said they were behind a blast at kabul 's largest hotel and warned the rare strike on a target in the afghan capital would be followed by more attacks on foreigners  .
chelsea manager claudio ranieri insisted sunday that the days of manchester united and arsenal 's stranglehold on the premiership title are numbered  .
us civil administrator in iraq paul bremer has launched the process of drawing up a basic law for the transitional period in iraq until a new constitution is voted on in two years ' time , a spokesman said sunday  .
the us-led coalition has ordered the suspension of all civilian flights into baghdad after a missile strike on a cargo jet belonging to german-owned courier dhl , a senior military spokesman said sunday  .
iraq 's interim government on sunday appointed rand rahim  as ambassador to the united states , the first iraqi envoy to washington in  years , in a move it said was aimed at putting across the `` face of the new iraq ''  .
senegal has disposed of  tonnes of obsolete and dangerous pesticides to be destroyed in germany with financial help from the netherlands , media reports said sunday  .
manchester united and england defender rio ferdinand should be suspended for a `` substantial time '' , according to the iaaf 's anti-doping chief arne ljungqvist  .
marcio amoroso 's agent   has confirmed that his client will return to borussia dortmund `` next weekend '' but added that the club would be best to sell the striker to combat their well-documented financial problems  .
around , people gathered in a tehran mosque sunday to mark the fifth anniversary of the grisly murders by intelligence agents of two prominent iranian dissidents , voicing renewed calls for justice and a shake-up of the islamic regime  .
west brom striker lee hughes is being sought by detectives in connection with a hit and run accident late on saturday in which an elderly man died  .
a top american general visiting a us base in saddam hussein 's hometown said sunday coalition troops would stay in iraq as long as it takes to restore stability , and stressed no decision had been made on the duration of the deployment  .
rangers midfielder mikel arteta has added to manager alex mcleish 's injury woes after being ruled out of his team 's crucial champions league game at stuttgart because of a leg muscle problem  .
raja casablanca of morocco won the last edition of the caf cup after holding cotonsport garoua of cameroon - sunday in the second leg of the final  .
india 's commerce minister  maran died here sunday after a prolonged illness , relatives said  .
georgian opposition leaders and russia 's foreign minister arrived on sunday at the residence of embattled president eduard shevardnadze , according to an afp reporter on the scene  .
raja casablanca of morocco forced a - draw with cotonsport garoua of cameroon to win the last edition of the caf cup on sunday  .
more violence struck iraq sunday as three us soldiers were killed in attacks , a us-appointed iraqi police colonel was reported shot dead and three attempted attacks were foiled on key oil pipelines  .
fans of michael jackson held candlelight vigils in the united states and europe this weekend in support of the pop icon arrested last week on charges of molesting a child  .
raja casablanca of morocco forced a - draw with cotonsport garoua of cameroon sunday to win the last edition of the caf cup  .
two egyptian siamese twin sisters who were separated during an operation in a saudi hospital returned to egypt on sunday , an afp journalist said  .
president tassos papadopoulos of cyprus said in an interview published on sunday that turkey lacked the political resolve to work for a deal to end the -year division of the mediterranean island  .
georgian president eduard shevardnadze resigned sunday , after weeks of protests forced the man who helped end the cold war to step down , georgia 's television reported  .
kenya 's peter korir was the runaway winner of the th san sebastian marathon , winning over the classic distance in hr min sec on sunday  .
three us soldiers were killed in northern iraq sunday as the us-led coalition closed baghdad airport to civilian flights and insurgents kept up their attacks  .
three us soldiers were killed in northern iraq sunday as the us-led coalition closed baghdad airport to civilian flights and insurgents kept up their attacks  .
georgian president eduard shevardnadze confirmed sunday that he had resigned as head of the tiny caucasian country , national television reported  .
a court in zimbabwe is monday due to begin hearing an appeal by the daily news , closed down two months ago , to be allowed to publish , the paper 's legal adviser said sunday  .
england scrum-half matt dawson described his move that set up jonny wilkinson 's world cup-winning drop kick as a ` schoolboy dummy '  .
roma crushed bologna - on sunday to keep up the pressure on champions juventus but serie a was left hanging its head in shame after four players were sent off in a bloody battle between lazio and perugia  .
a plaque marking the visit to lithuania a year ago by us president george w .
bush was unveiled in the capital of the baltic country on sunday  .
the european union hopes georgia will enjoy a peaceful handover of power following the resignation of president eduard shevardnadze , a spokeswoman for eu foreign affairs envoy javier solana said on sunday  .
the turkish government called sunday on muslim preachers to condemn `` terrorism '' and pray for national unity at the country 's mosques following a wave of deadly bombings  .
prime minister zafarullah jamali sunday announced a unilateral ceasefire by pakistan along the line of control that divides disputed kashmir and asked rival india to give a positive response  .
georgian president eduard shevardnadze resigned sunday , after weeks of protests forced the man who helped end the cold war to step down , national television reported  .
the internationals and the americans shared the presidents cup sunday for the first time in history after bad light prevented the match from being completed  .
world leaders on sunday called for a peaceful handover of power in georgia as embattled president eduard shevardnadze bowed to the will of his people and stepped down after pledging to avoid bloodshed  .
the european union hopes georgia will enjoy a peaceful handover of power , a spokeswoman for eu foreign affairs envoy javier solana said sunday after embattled president eduard shevardnadze resigned  .
british prime minister tony blair , who only just finished entertaining his last american guest , plays the animated host sunday to homer simpson in the hit us cartoon `` the simpsons  .
the internationals and the americans shared the presidents cup sunday for the first time in history after bad light prevented the match from being completed  .
polling booths closed at : pm -lrb-  gmt -rrb- in croatia 's legislative election sunday , national radio reported  .
republic of ireland star robbie keane helped move tottenham four places up the premiership table on sunday by scoring the winner in a - win over aston villa at white hart lane  .
a day after jonny wilkinson kicked the world cup winning drop goal , his newcastle teammate dave  followed his example by booting a late drop to clinch a - victory over london irish in the english premiership on sunday  .
republic of ireland star robbie keane helped move tottenham four places up the premiership table on sunday by scoring the winner in a - win over aston villa at white hart lane  .
the united states is closely watching the political scene in georgia following the resignation of president eduard shevardnadze , the state department said sunday  .
burundian president domitien ndayizeye on sunday formed a new government that includes pierre nkurunziza , the former leader of the country 's largest hutu rebel group , the forces for the defense of democracy -lrb- fdd -rrb-  .
burundian president domitien ndayizeye on sunday formed a new government that includes pierre nkurunziza , the former leader of the country 's largest hutu rebel group , the forces for the defense of democracy -lrb- fdd -rrb-  .
the internationals and the americans shared the presidents cup sunday for the first time in history after bad light prevented the match from being completed  .
a whiskered mike myers won over north american audiences this weekend , earning more than  million dollars at the box office  .
celtic manager martin o'neill believes striker chris sutton is playing so well that he deserves a recall to the england squad  .
croatia 's opposition nationalists claimed victory in sunday 's parliamentary election , although the next government is likely to be a coalition since no single party is expected to win outright  .
croatia 's opposition nationalists claimed victory in sunday 's parliamentary election , although the next government is likely to be a coalition since no single party is expected to win outright  .
croatia 's outgoing prime minister , ivica racan , whose social democrats -lrb- sdp -rrb- faced a tough challenge from opposition nationalists in sunday 's parliamentary election , said the incoming coalition government would not be stable without his party  .
croatia 's outgoing prime minister , ivica racan , whose social democrats -lrb- sdp -rrb- faced a tough challenge from opposition nationalists in sunday 's parliamentary election , said the incoming coalition government would not be stable without his party  .
french prime minister jean-pierre raffarin on sunday said he believed his country 's economy had turned the corner from spluttering growth this year and would steadily expand from now on  .
kuwait 's energy minister said sunday that the emirate could take a dispute with neighbouring gulf giant iran over an offshore gas field to international arbitration if bilateral talks fail  .
opec member kuwait is against increasing production to curb soaring oil prices , the emirate 's energy minister sheikh ahmad fahd al-sabah said sunday  .
the beatification of pope john paul ii 's immediate predecessor , john paul i , got underway sunday in his northern italian diocese of   .
religious authorities in most muslim countries across the middle east have announced that the eid al-fitr holiday marking the end of the holy fasting month of ramadan will be celebrated either tuesday or wednesday  .
air traffic at israel 's ben gurion international airport resumed sunday after a seven-hour delay caused by baggage handlers taking part in a wildcat labor action , the airport said  .
bradford city are set to name former england captain bryan robson as their new manager in an attempt to stop them from slipping into the english second division  .
three palestinian islamists were expelled sunday night by israel to the gaza strip from the west bank , raising to six the number of such punishments carried out this month , israeli military sources said  .
three palestinian islamists were expelled sunday night by israel to the gaza strip from the west bank , raising to six the number of such punishments carried out this month , israeli military sources said  .
finland 's kalle palander won the  rocca was fourth - and possibly in position to grab a podium place should the protest succeed - with a total time of : .
roma crushed bologna - on sunday to keep up the pressure on champions juventus but serie a was left hanging its head in shame after four players were sent off in a bloody battle between lazio and perugia  .
georgia 's acting president nino burjanadze said late sunday she did not know whether she would run for president when elections are called following the resignation earlier of veteran georgian leader eduard shevardnadze  .
the united states on sunday offered assistance to conflicting parties in georgia in the hope of avoiding violence in the volatile former soviet republic , following the resignation of its president , eduard shevardnadze  .
burundian president domitien ndayizeye on sunday formed a new government that included pierre nkurunziza , the former leader of the country 's largest hutu rebel group  .
austrian rainer schoenfelder was  from second place in the opening slalom of the men 's world cup season here sunday , finnish delegation chief christian leitner said  .
here is a chronology of major events in georgia 's political crisis following contested parliamentary elections on november   .
a us military helicopter crashed sunday near the us military base in bagram , afghanistan , killing at least five soldiers and injuring seven others , the us military announced  .
the united states is looking forward to working with georgia 's interim president nino burjanadze `` in her effort to maintain the integrity of georgia 's democracy , '' the us state department announced late sunday  .
a total solar eclipse was underway over antarctica early monday morning , an official at new zealands scott base said  .
juma scored twice as the united arab emirates beat -man sri lanka - to book their place in the finals of the  asian cup finals  .
reigning world cup slalom titlist kalle palander picked up where he left off sunday , winning the first slalom of the season  .
fans of michael jackson held candlelight vigils in the united states and europe this weekend in support of the pop icon arrested last week on charges of molesting a child  .
hearts skipper steven pressley will miss thursday 's uefa cup clash against bordeaux after picking up a thigh injury in his team 's - derby win over hibs on sunday  .
british forces in iraq have released an australian man detained last week during a raid on suspected saddam hussein loyalists in the south of the country , foreign minister alexander downer said monday  .
a us military helicopter crashed sunday outside an american military base near the afghan capital of kabul , killing at least five soldiers and injuring seven others in another setback for the us military  .
christian vieri could snuff out arsenal 's troubled champions league campaign here on tuesday - and inter milan coach alberto zaccheroni wants him to do it with a smile on his face  .
celtic midfielder neil lennon insists that making the second stage of the champions league will be even a greater achievement than reaching last season 's uefa cup final  .
an indian man who claims divine inspiration says he has survived  years without eating , drinking or relieving himself , baffling doctors who are unable to prove him an imposter  .
juma scored twice as the united arab emirates beat -man sri lanka - to book their place in the finals of the  asian cup finals  .
the aid agency care australia will decide shortly whether to withdraw its expatriate staff from iraq following a weekend attack on its baghdad headquarters , agency officials said here monday  .
hong kong gold prices opened higher monday at  .
us dollars an ounce , compared to friday 's closing rate of  .
honiara , nov  -lrb- afp -rrb- the asian development bank -lrb- adb -rrb- monday signed a new poverty alleviation agreement with the solomon islands government  .
percent in opening trade monday following gains on wall street at the end of last week , dealers said  .
the dollar rose against the yen and euro monday but is expected to surrender its gains because investors ' sentiment towards the greenback is still bearish , dealers said  .
a new round of talks will be held in washington this week to try to iron out obstacles in the way of a us-australia free trade agreement -lrb- fta -rrb- , australian trade minister mark vaile said monday  .
authorities have vowed to tackle beijing 's chronic traffic problems by installing  cameras and assigning  more police in a bid to ease regular  in the olympic city , state press said monday  .
nine foreigners were killed early monday in a fire that destroyed a university hostel in the russian capital moscow , the russian news agencies reported , quoting officials with the city 's fire department  .
eighteen foreign students died early monday in a fire that destroyed a university hostel in the russian capital moscow , the ria novosti news agency reported , quoting officials with the city 's fire department  .
australia and france put months of diplomatic acrimony over the war in iraq behind them on monday to sign two agreements aimed at improving bilateral relations  .
oil prices were lower in asian trading monday after opec member kuwait predicted prices would drop in the first quarter of next year , dealers said  .
fourteen miners are dead and nine more are missing after a gas explosion at a coalmine in china 's central henan province , state media reported monday  .
shares in australia 's wmc resources plunged more than four percent monday after the company said damage at one of its key projects would cost it  .
twenty eight people died early monday in a fire that destroyed a university hostel in the russian capital moscow , a spokesman for the russian emergencies ministry said  .
rugby supremo syd millar on monday declared sydney 's rugby world cup the most successful tournament yet , as organisers said they expect revenues of around  million dollars -lrb-  .
an australian minister voiced embarrassment and regret monday over an incident in which new zealand prime minister helen clark was frisked for explosives by security agents at sydney airport  .
people of the previously lawless and strife-torn  region of guadalcanal in solomon islands have elected a new member of parliament to replace his predecessor who was assassinated  months ago , an electoral official said monday  .
a woman who hired a hit man to kill her husband 's lover got more than she bargained for when the assassin murdered her instead , state media reported monday  .
a woman who hired a hit man to kill her husband 's lover got more than she bargained for when the assassin murdered her instead , state media reported monday  .
china is set to launch its asset and mortgage-backed securities markets next year , state press reported monday  .
twenty eight people died early monday in a fire that destroyed a university hostel in the russian capital moscow , a spokesman for the russian emergencies ministry said  .
xinjiang hops company , the financially troubled beer and barley supplier , said monday securities regulators have approved its application to trade its shares under `` special treatment '' -lrb- st -rrb- rules  .
philippine share prices closed flat monday , coming off early losses following the resignation of finance secretary jose isidro camacho , president gloria arroyo 's top economic adviser , dealers said  .
hong kong share prices closed flat in morning trade on monday , dealers said  .
five senior members of aung san suu kyi 's pro-democracy party have been released after nearly six months under house arrest , myanmar 's military government said monday  .
chinese securities regulators have proposed a new plan to sell off shares in state-owned enterprises , a problem which has bedevilled the government and stock markets for more than two years , a report said monday  .
five senior members of aung san suu kyi 's pro-democracy party have been released after nearly six months under house arrest , myanmar 's military government said monday  .
the baltimore ravens rallied from a -point deficit in the final seven minutes to beat seattle - in overtime on sunday and keep a share of the lead in the national football league 's afc north division  .
new zealand share prices closed flat in light trade monday , dealers said  .
philippine share prices closed flat monday , coming off early losses following the resignation of finance secretary jose isidro camacho , president gloria arroyo 's top economic adviser , dealers said  .
landslides and floods triggered by hours of heavy rain have killed three people and forced more than , people to flee their homes in indonesia 's densely-populated east java province , police said monday  .
prosecutors on monday raided an affiliate of the samsung group , south korea 's largest conglomerate , in a widening probe of slush funds provided by businesses to politicians , officials said  .
australian shares closed little changed , adding just  .
percent monday with gains in telstra and banking stocks offset by a slide in resources companies , dealers said  .
a -year-old aboriginal woman survived a crocodile attack in northern australia by beating the giant reptile with a bag of mussels she had just collected , police said monday  .
the colourful characters of the hit children 's show sesame street are poised to make their debut in khmer following the approval of a cambodian pilot program , the director said monday  .
indonesia 's army top brass is visiting aceh , days after authorities extended martial law in the province in a renewed attempt to crush separatist rebels  .
percent higher tuesday as blue chips such as news corp .
and resources took heart from gains on the us markets overnight , dealers said  .
australian captain john fitzgerald has blasted the international tennis federation 's decision to play this weekend 's davis cup final against spain under a roof if rain intervenes  .
australia is killing off its koalas at the rate of , a year through land-clearing , more than  scientists warned in an appeal to its political leaders tuesday  .
villagers in southern china 's guangxi area accused local police tuesday of arresting bible owners and sentencing them to labor camps as part of a campaign to weed out `` illegal religious organizations  .
a south korean employee has been found dead at a nuclear power plant construction site in north korea , sparking a government investigation , officials here said tuesday  .
percent higher tuesday in a rebound from the previous day 's steep fall as large caps performed strongly on futures-linked buying and retail bargain-hunting , dealers said  .
percent higher tuesday as late profit-taking trimmed early gains driven by a rebound on wall street , dealers said  .
a police guard and a muslim shopkeeper were killed and four people injured when suspected muslim rebels attacked the car of a hindu politician in kashmir , police said tuesday  .
three iraqis were wounded tuesday when a booby-trapped bomb planted at the entrance of the main hotel in the northern city of kirkuk went off , iraqi police said  .
lg card , south korea 's largest credit card company , said tuesday it will cut its workforce by a quarter as part of a drastic restructuring following a huge bailout  .
international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- chairman ehsan mani said tuesday pakistan will be safe for the new zealand cricketers during their upcoming tour  .
philippine airlines -lrb- pal -rrb- said tuesday its net loss widened nearly ten-fold to  .
million dollars -rrb- in the second quarter due to low passenger loads  .
major japanese electronics maker toshiba said tuesday it will raise its investment in semiconductor output by  percent to meet growing demand for digital cameras and camera-equipped cellular phones  .
nine people have been charged by a turkish state security court over last week 's bomb attacks on british targets in istanbul , turkish media reports said tuesday  .
thousands of nationalists protested tuesday against a visit to sri lanka by eu external relations commissioner chris patten , denouncing foreign involvement in the country 's efforts to end years of unrest  .
the head of the central command , general john abizaid , said tuesday `` american military presence will no longer be needed '' once the future iraqi government can guarantee the country 's security  .
deutsche post , the semi-privatised german postal authority , will put up to  percent of its banking services subsidiary deutsche postbank on the market next autumn , deutsche post chairman klaus zumwinkel told foreign reporters here late monday  .
exchanges of fire across the disputed kashmiri border have decreased since india said it would respond positively to pakistan 's announcement of unilateral ceasefire , police said tuesday  .
nine people have been charged by a turkish state security court over last week 's attacks on british targets in istanbul , turkish media reports said tuesday  .
cambodian prime minister hun sen 's nephew nim sophea was charged in a phnom penh court tuesday over a shooting spree in the capital last month that left three people dead and four wounded  .
rich tourists will be allowed to hunt protected saltwater crocodiles under a plan being considered by australia 's northern territory  .
the head of the us central command , general john abizaid , said tuesday america 's military presence `` will no longer be needed '' once the future iraqi government can guarantee the country 's security  .
world champions brazil eased aside egypt for an eighth straight win in the world cup men 's volleyball on tuesday , ahead of a top-of-the table battle against olympic champions serbia and montenegro  .
israeli settlers presented their own middle east peace plan on tuesday which rules out the creation of a palestinian state or the dismantling of any of their settlements  .
thai defense minister thamarak  na ayutthaya will lead a high-level military delegation on a three-day visit to myanmar this week , officials said tuesday  .
percent higher tuesday in active trade after the shanghai composite index breached the key ,-points resistance level on monday , dealers said  .
the south korean government on tuesday signed a final deal to sell hyundai group 's two ailing investment trust units to prudential financial inc .
, the financial supervisory commission -lrb- fsc -rrb- said  .
percent in november from a year earlier but were up only  .
percent compared with the previous month , preliminary figures showed tuesday  .
a taiwan district court on tuesday sentenced a people-smuggler to death for drowning six chinese illegal women immigrants by throwing them off a boat while trying to escape from authorities  .
german reinsurer munich re predicted tuesday it would sustain a net loss for full-year  despite returning to a profit of  million euros -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- in the third quarter after a loss of  million in third quarter   .
hong kong gold prices closed higher on tuesday at  .
us dollars an ounce compared with the previous day 's closing rate of  .
thousands of cheering fans turned out to welcome back england 's world cup-winning rugby team when they flew into london on tuesday with plans underway to honor the team with a victory parade through the streets of central london  .
hong kong share prices closed sharply higher tuesday after gains on wall street , with property counters leading the rally , dealers said  .
israeli settlers presented their own middle east peace plan on tuesday which rules out the creation of a palestinian state or the dismantling of any of their settlements  .
indian foreign secretary kanwal sibal tuesday hailed fresh peace moves by pakistan , saying they could lead to dialogue between the arch-rivals  .
china 's four largest state-owned commercial banks have laid off a quarter million employees in recent years , state media reported tuesday  .
india and pakistan have decided to implement a ceasefire along their borders in disputed kashmir from midnight -lrb-  gmt -rrb- tuesday , an indian foreign ministry statement said  .
percent in october from september and was up  .
percent from october  , the national statistics institute insee reported tuesday  .
master batsman sachin tendulkar cracked  from  balls as india opened their australian tour with a warm-up match against state side victoria here tuesday  .
the georgian supreme court on tuesday canceled the results of the november  parliamentary elections on grounds of fraud , a supreme court judge announced on national television  .
hutu rebels from the national liberation forces -lrb- fnl -rrb- fired four mortar shells at the residence of burundian president domitien ndayizeye in the capital , bujumbura , but no one was hurt , the chief of security at city hall said tuesday  .
malaysia 's new prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi on tuesday gave himself a pass mark for his performance since taking over from mahathir mohamad at the beginning of the month  .
percent in october compared to a year earlier , underpinned by continued robust intra-regional trade after a gain of  .
percent in september , the government said tuesday  .
percent in october compared to a year earlier , underpinned by continued robust intra-regional trade after a gain of  .
percent in september , the government said tuesday  .
india and pakistan will implement a ceasefire along their borders in disputed kashmir from midnight -lrb-  gmt -rrb- tuesday , an indian foreign ministry statement said  .
england 's world cup-winning captain martin johnson said tuesday he had yet to decide whether to continue his test career  .
the georgian supreme court on tuesday canceled the results of the november  parliamentary elections on grounds of fraud , a supreme court judge announced on national television  .
percent compared with the same period a year earlier , preliminary figures published by statistics finland showed on tuesday  .
ten jordanian prisoners being freed by israel as a goodwill gesture towards its  on the muslim festival of eid al-fitr will arrive in jordan later tuesday , a foreign ministry official said  .
hutu rebels from the national liberation forces -lrb- fnl -rrb- fired four mortar shells at the residence of burundian president domitien ndayizeye in the capital ,  , but no one was hurt , the chief of security at city hall said tuesday  .
nationalists protested against a visit to sri lanka tuesday by eu external relations commissioner chris patten , denouncing his planned meeting with the country 's top tamil tiger leader  .
muslims in northwest pakistan were tuesday marking the end of the holy month of ramadan but their eid-al fitr festivities were marred by a row with other faithful who say celebrations are yet to begin  .
the georgian supreme court on tuesday canceled the results of the november  parliamentary elections on grounds of fraud , a supreme court judge announced on national television  .
thousands of cheering fans turned out to welcome back england 's world cup-winning rugby team when they flew into london on tuesday with plans underway to honor the team with a victory parade through the streets of central london  .
hong kong share prices closed sharply higher tuesday after gains on wall street but dealers said further upside will be capped in thin trade ahead of the us thanksgiving holiday on thursday  .
german finance minister hans eichel insisted tuesday that a eurozone pact limiting public deficits remained valid despite an agreement allowing france and germany to escape sanctions for having violated the deal  .
police and emergency services were on high alert tuesday in this holy shiite city as thousands flocked here from across iraq to celebrate the eid al-fitr holiday marking the end of the holy month of ramadan , a local iraqi official said  .
eu economic affairs commissioner pedro solbes on tuesday denounced an agreement by eurozone ministers allowing france and germany to escape sanctions for failing to respect public deficit limits as without `` legal basis  .
a police guard and a muslim shopkeeper were killed and four people injured when suspected muslim rebels attacked the car of a hindu politician in kashmir , police said tuesday  .
macaque monkeys , an endangered species , can breathe a sigh of relief after chinese police cracked what is described as the country 's largest wildlife trafficking case ever , state media said tuesday  .
anglo-dutch oil and gas giant shell , with partners petronas  of malaysia and the egyptian natural gas holding company , made a new gas discovery off egypt 's northern coast , shell said tuesday  .
compilation of final results from mozambique 's second municipal elections has hit a snag following last-minute allegations of irregularities by the main opposition renamo party , state radio said tuesday  .
european stock markets struggled to maintain an early burst of momentum on tuesday after a solid showing on wall street , as dealers looked to a feast of us data to feed hopes of an economic revival  .
skipper roy keane was missing tuesday when manchester united flew out to athens for wednesday night 's champions league match with panathinaikos  .
eu economic affairs commissioner pedro solbes denounced an agreement tuesday by eurozone finance ministers allowing france and germany to escape sanctions for failing to respect public deficit limits as without `` legal basis  .
retail prices in germany fell marginally -- by  .
percent -- between october and november , but the provisional rise over a year was  .
percent , slightly more than in the previous month , the federal statistics office said on tuesday  .
china warned tuesday that a slew of duties imposed by the united states on chinese products risk damaging bilateral ties in the latest volley of an escalating trade rift between the two nations  .
the thai stock market made marginal losses tuesday as investors remained concerned over an investigation into trade manipulation and new measures to curb speculation , brokers said  .
master batsman sachin tendulkar cracked  from  balls as india opened their australian tour with a warm-up match against state side victoria here tuesday  .
us oil giant chevrontexaco will this week resume the production of , barrels per day -lrb- bpd -rrb- of oil suspended last week in the wake of the abduction of  workers in southern nigeria  .
pakistan on tuesday expressed its hopes that a new ceasefire in the disputed region of kashmir would lead to new dialogue with its south asian rival india  .
at least seven people have been killed in clashes between two rival street gangs in the southern nigerian oil city of port harcourt , press reports said tuesday  .
eu finance ministers voted by qualified majority in favor of an agreement struck overnight on france and germany 's balooning deficits in the teeth of opposition by the european commission , sources said tuesday  .
sweden 's minister in charge of monetary affairs said tuesday the eu stability pact could be maimed after eurozone members decided to let france and germany break the pact 's deficit rules with impunity  .
a zimbabwean judge who was set to hear an application by the independent daily news court , which was due to begin hearing the daily news application tuesday to rule on whether it should be allowed to resume publication  .
tesco , britain 's biggest supermarket chain , announced tuesday an unexpectedly strong  .
-percent jump in third-quarter sales as it won market share at home and expanded its international activities  .
a home-made bomb partially exploded near a british army base in northern ireland overnight but it caused no casualties , police said on tuesday , adding that they believed the device was laid by an extremist republican   .
britain 's best-selling sun newspaper railed tuesday at the sight of french president jacques `` the worm '' chirac inspecting british troops during his one-day summit visit to london  .
norway is still planning to expel mullah krekar , the founder of the radical muslim group ansar al-islam , to iraq , the government said tuesday , a day after refusing to extradite him to jordan  .
percent tuesday on fresh buying by local operators and mutual funds in select sensex heavyweight and state-owned stocks , dealers said  .
eu finance ministers approved by qualified majority tuesday an accord struck overnight on france and germany 's balooning deficits , in the teeth of opposition by the european commission , sources said  .
the organization for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- said tuesday it was satisfied the weekend parliamentary elections in croatia met international democratic standards  .
master batsman sachin tendulkar cracked  from  balls as india opened their australian tour with a warm-up match against state side victoria here tuesday  .
former world number one russian marat safin is itching to get back on the tennis court and hopes to finish  with a top  ranking after sitting out the last six months with a wrist injury  .
the united states and europe 's big three -- britain , germany and france -- have agreed at the un nuclear watchdog on a draft resolution that condemns iran 's nuclear program but stops short of taking the issue to the un security council for possible sanctions  .
us oil giant chevrontexaco said tuesday it will this week resume production of , barrels per day -lrb- bpd -rrb- of oil suspended in the wake of the abduction of  workers in southern nigeria  .
chelsea need only a point against sparta prague to book their passage to the knock-out phase of the champions league  .
french authorities have taken a french muslim woman off a jury because she wore a headscarf after being sworn in , officials said  .
eu economic affairs commissioner pedro solbes denounced an agreement tuesday by eurozone finance ministers allowing france and germany to escape sanctions for failing to respect public deficit limits as without `` legal basis  .
russia 's foreign minister igor ivanov on tuesday promised a full investigation into the death of  foreign students in a fire at a moscow university after expressions of concern from china over the safety of its students  .
latest peace initiatives between india and pakistan , including a ceasefire along their borders in kashmir , will be discussed at a summit between indian and european leaders this weekend , a diplomat said tuesday  .
two people were killed and three injured tuesday in an explosion in the town of kurgan , in the russian ural mountains , which police blamed on a gas leak  .
india and the european union will sign two agreements to boost trade and investment at the fourth india-eu summit this week during a visit by italian prime minister silvio berlusconi , european diplomats said tuesday  .
zimbabwe keep the same side for wednesday 's one day international against the west indies at the harare sports club  .
a russian aristocrat who was one of tsar nicholas ii 's  , prince george  , has died aged  , his family exiled in france said tuesday  .
the thai stock market made marginal losses tuesday as investors remained concerned over an investigation into alleged share trading manipulation , brokers said  .
governors of the european central bank are to hold an emergency meeting by telephone tuesday to  to respect the terms of the pact , which call for sanctions and even hefty fines for those countires that repeatedly disregard its deficit rules  .
a police guard and a muslim shopkeeper were killed and four people injured when suspected muslim rebels attacked the car of a hindu politician in kashmir , police said tuesday  .
the trial of three former rwandan officials charged with genocide and crimes against humanity in  has been delayed for a second time because of festivities marking the end of the muslim month of ramadan , the hirondelle news agency reported tuesday  .
another top georgian minister close to ousted president eduard shevardnadze resigned tuesday , as the young opposition leaders who seized power at the weekend consolidate their hold on the government  .
the turkish economy , emerging from one its worst ever recessions , is strong enough to withstand the financial fallout from four bomb attacks in istanbul , economy minister ali babacan said tuesday  .
an international labor organisation -lrb- ilo -rrb- conference to examine strategies of hauling millions of people out poverty and create jobs in africa will open in ethiopia in december , the ilo has said in a statement released here  .
oil prices staged a modest rebound in early trading on tuesday after steep losses a day earlier fuelled by traders ' book squaring and forecasts of warm weather in the united states for the time of year  .
the self-declared president of the breakaway georgian republic of south ossetia , eduard kokoity , on tuesday reaffirmed his wish to unite with russia following the ouster of georgian president eduard shevardnadze  .
arabs must do more to instil democracy in their own countries and fundamentally reform monarchies and the patronage system , prince hassan of jordan said in a german newspaper interview published tuesday  .
the body of roger short , the british consul general killed in a devastating suicide bomb attack in istanbul , will be flown back to england on thursday , officials said tuesday  .
governors of the european central bank are to hold an emergency meeting by telephone tuesday to discuss the european union 's embattled stability and growth pact , central bank sources said  .
thailand 's finance ministry said tuesday it expects the economy to grow by  .
percent increase in gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- in   .
a swedish oil company accused by human rights watch of fueling fighting in wartorn sudan , lundin petroleum ab , rejected the allegations on tuesday and insisted its operations there had helped promote human rights  .
spanish foreign minister ana palacio was to fly to rome on tuesday as part of a last-minute drive to lobby the support of other eu states for spain 's bid to host a multi-billion-dollar international nuclear fusion project , diplomatic sources said  .
about a dozen people were feared killed and three were injured tuesday in an explosion at a dynamite factory in the southern indian state of andhra pradesh , police said  .
japanese technology giant nec is prepared to invest more in french computer maker bull on condition that the company comes up with a `` constructive '' action plan , an nec spokesman said tuesday  .
asian stock markets rose tuesday following robust gains on wall street as investors pinned their hopes on strong us economic data  .
hungarian oil and gas concern mol on tuesday announced it had made a public offer for the remaining shares of slovakian petroleum firm slovnaft , in which mol already has a majority stake  .
the number of the world 's hungry is rising , the un warned tuesday in a report which said that nearly  million people , the `` starving continent '' of the third world , are still awaiting the fulfillment of world leaders ' promise to tackle global hunger  .
at least seven people were killed and three injured tuesday in an explosion at a dynamite factory in the southern indian state of andhra pradesh , police said  .
a leading member of rome 's jewish community cast doubt tuesday on the transformation of italy 's national alliance party from neo-fascism to the political mainstream  .
surprised customs officers in ireland have seized , bottles of counterfeit head and shoulders shampoo in a shipment from the gulf , a customs spokesman said tuesday  .
the dalai lama arrived in rome on tuesday for a four-day visit during which he will meet pope john paul ii at the vatican and take part in a gathering of nobel peace prize laureates in rome  .
the world food programme -lrb- wfp -rrb- has made an urgent appeal for funds to help feed more than , people threatened with starvation in drought-hit northern somalia , a statement issued in nairobi said tuesday  .
the council of europe parliamentary assembly on tuesday voted against measures to put the principality of liechtenstein under close scrutiny after constitutional changes introduced by its ruler earlier this year  .
the georgian parliament met tuesday to fix a date for presidential elections in the former soviet republic after the forced resignation of eduard shevardnadze  .
nine people were charged by a turkish state security court on tuesday over last week 's attacks on british targets in istanbul as turkish and british investigators continued to probe the bombings  .
pope john paul ii on tuesday named a replacement for phoenix , arizona bishop thomas o'brien , who became the first american bishop to be charged with a felony when he fled the scene of a fatal accident  .
the new moon was sighted tuesday in bangladesh marking the end of the holy muslim month of ramadan and heralding eid al-fitr , islam 's biggest annual festival , officials said  .
eight hundred colombian paramilitaries began disarming in the northwestern town of medellin tuesday as part of a july  agreement with the government  .
german-us automaker daimlerchrysler said tuesday it wanted to establish a unit of its financial services division in china in the near future to take advantage of what it sees as an increasingly profitable market  .
the georgian parliament tuesday set january  as the date for a presidential election in the former soviet republic after eduard shevardnadze was forced to resign  .
israel freed a group of jordanian prisoners on tuesday as a goodwill gesture toward its arab neighbor to mark the muslim holiday of eid al-fitr , prison service and military sources said  .
the head of saudi arabia 's consultative shura council , sheikh saleh bin  , on tuesday vigorously defended charity activities , denounced by the united states as a source of financing terrorism  .
croatian serbs said tuesday they were ready to support croatia 's future right-wing government in hopes of a better future for their minority , their party said  .
switzerland on tuesday rejected overall blame for a massive blackout in italy in september , accusing its neighbor of constantly exceeding  levels of electricity imports and overburdening power grids in the alps  .
at least  maoist rebels and eight security force personnel were killed in a clash in nepal , sources said tuesday  .
us economic growth exploded in the third quarter to hit a -year record annual pace of  .
percent , much faster than first thought , the government said  of peace and quiet  .
the turkish coastguard has taken control of a boat which was drifting in the aegean sea with dozens of would-be illegal immigrants aboard , a turkish official said tuesday  .
pakistani muslims will celebrate eid al-fitr on wednesday to mark the end of the fasting month of ramadan , an official announced on state television  .
indian anti-pollution authorities tuesday said a british ship that has docked on the western coast for ship-breaking contains potentially dangerous asbestos fittings  .
the southern greek island of crete was hit by a second earthquake in two days on tuesday , but police stations and hospitals said no casualties or damage were reported  .
germany on tuesday returned a th century religious icon stolen from a ukrainian museum and bought by a german collector  .
russian foreign minister igor ivanov arrives on wednesday in warsaw to discuss bilateral cooperation after poland joins the european union on may   .
french household spending rose faster than expected in october , data released tuesday showed , as signs recovery is setting in the eurozone 's second-biggest economy grow  .
pakistan on tuesday expressed its hopes that a new ceasefire in the disputed region of kashmir would lead to new dialogue with its south asian rival india  .
pakistani all-rounder shoaib malik is to stay with english country cricket side gloucestershire for the  season  .
a court in the riot-scarred indian state of gujarat tuesday awarded life sentences to  hindus convicted for murdering  muslims in bloody communal clashes which claimed nearly , lives last year  .
former us president jimmy carter said tuesday that a peace deal in the middle east would reduce the global terrorist threat by removing the major cause of hostility against the united states  .
three chinese students were confirmed dead in the fire at a moscow university , state media reported tuesday  .
a former psychiatric patient who killed three women in london , earning himself the nickname `` the camden ripper , '' dramatically changed his plea tuesday and confessed in court to their murder  .
croatian serbs said tuesday they were ready to support croatia 's future right-wing government to ensure a better future for the ethnic minority  .
us economic growth exploded in the third quarter to hit a -year record annual pace of  .
percent , much faster than first thought , the government said tuesday  .
prime minister jose maria aznar took sharp issue with foreign minister ana palacio tuesday over her remarks that daily life for the residents of baghdad is worse now than under the regime of saddam hussein  .
former italy international fabrizio ravanelli and scotland midfielder craig burley were the  players who were shown the door tuesday a day after debt-ridden scottish side dundee was put into administration  .
israeli trade minister ehud olmert said tuesday a compromise solution had been reached with the european union in a long-running dispute over the labeling of exports produced by jewish settlers  .
denmark , the world 's largest exporter of pork , said tuesday it would introduce new penalties including jail terms of up to two years for pig farmers who abuse or neglect their animals  .
pakistan on tuesday expressed its hopes that a new ceasefire in the disputed region of kashmir would lead to new dialogue with its south asian rival india  .
england 's first match since becoming world champions , against the new zealand barbarians on december  , is a sell-out  .
us economic growth exploded in the third quarter to hit a -year record annual pace of  .
percent , much faster than first thought , the government said tuesday  .
nouakchott , nov  -lrb- a ould taya amid opposition charges of massive fraud , and again two days later , along with six members of his campaign team , two of his sons and several other young people who had been picked up in the week before the polls  .
turkey will outline a new strategy to combat terrorism following four suicide bombings in istanbul which claimed  lives , foreign minister abdullah gul said tuesday  .
england lock ben kay , who dropped an easy pass in last saturday 's rugby world cup final to miss what could have been a match-winning try , has been offered four years ' free pizza by a restaurant chain  .
eastman kodak said tuesday it would buy scitex digital printing , a unit of scitex corp .
a rare disagreement between iran 's religious leaders left iranians confused tuesday over when they should begin celebrating the eid al-fitr holidays which follow the fasting month of ramadan  .
china warned tuesday that a slew of duties imposed by the united states on chinese products risk damaging bilateral ties in the latest volley of an escalating trade rift between the two nations  .
more than  colombian paramilitaries began disarming in the northwestern town of medellin tuesday as part of a july  agreement with the government  .
a british airways concorde slipped out of john f .
kennedy international airport for the last time tuesday , moving silently  times slower than the speed of sound  .
at least  people have died of the ebola virus in the latest outbreak of the hemorrhagic fever in northwestern congo , according to a new official toll released tuesday  .
tea prices at the east african auction in mombasa were mixed this week despite slight gains in demand during trading , africa tea brokers -lrb- atb -rrb- said in market report released tuesday  .
british chancellor of the exchequer gordon brown hailed the eurozone budget deal letting france and germany off the hook over balooning deficits as a victory for nation states over the power of brussels  .
australian rugby union chief executive john o'neill , the man behind this year 's competition , has urged france to go it alone for the  world cup  .
governors of the european central bank were holding an emergency teleconference tuesday to discuss the european union 's embattled stability and growth pact , central bank sources said  .
wall street drifted in a tight range at the opening tuesday as news of surging us economic growth appeared to be anticipated by traders  .
greece will finally repossess  stolen ancient artifacts found in germany and held there since  , the greek culture ministry said tuesday  .
french finance minister francis mer insisted tuesday that a deal letting france and germany off the hook over ballooning deficits does not further undermine already-strained eurozone budget rules  .
senegalese international forward pape  will undergo surgery on his right knee this week which will keep him out of action until the new year , his french club metz confirmed tuesday  .
hungarian foreign minister laszlo kovacs will travel to rome on wednesday to confer with his italian counterpart , franco frattini , over the new eu constitution , his office said  .
the fortune of billionaires living in switzerland fell  percent in  from a year ago to  billion swiss francs -lrb-  billion dollars ,  billion euros -rrb- due to the weak global financial markets , according to an annual  to be published on wednesday  .
the media lobby group reporters sans frontieres -lrb- reporters without borders - rsf -rrb- on tuesday called for the us-appointed administration in iraq to overturn its ban on the arab satellite television news network al-arabiya because of its broadcast of a saddam hussein tape  .
concerns for the future of britain 's last independent car maker , mg rover , mounted as the company prepared to suspend production tuesday to clear a backlog of unsold vehicles  .
russia 's main opposition force , the communist party , alleged on tuesday that it was being subjected to a smear campaign by state-controlled television ahead of parliamentary elections next month  .
the committee to protect journalists -lrb- cpj -rrb- , condemned tuesday the decision by iraq 's us-installed governing council to close the baghdad offices of saudi-owned satellite news channel al-arabiya  .
croatian serbs said tuesday they were ready to support croatia 's future right-wing government to ensure a better future for the ethnic minority , which rebelled against zagreb in the s  .
us consumer confidence boomed in november to the highest level in more than a year as the economic recovery gathered pace and labor market gloom began to lift , a survey showed tuesday  .
a woman has received six new organs in a rare transplant operation in sweden in which all the organs came from a single donor , swedish doctors announced on tuesday  .
britain warned tuesday that `` further attacks may be imminent '' in istanbul and ankara , as it strengthened its warning against non-essential travel to turkish cities  .
england 's rugby world cup heroes admitted tuesday they had not tried to break the australian beer-drinking record on the -hour flight back from sydney  .
italian president carlo azeglio ciampi tuesday appealed to the five founding members of the european union to shoulder their responsibilities and adopt a new controversial constitution  .
international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- chief jacques rogge , on a three-day visit here to inspect preparations for the  olympics , may visit deserted construction sites as greek builders ' union called for a -hour , nationwide strike for wednesday  .
georgia 's opposition parties will field a single candidate in january  presidential elections in the former soviet republic following eduard shevardnadze 's forced resignation , the top potential challenger said tuesday  .
the zimbabwe government has not received an official communication from nigeria on whether president robert mugabe will be invited to next month 's commonwealth summit , the president 's spokesman said tuesday  .
britain warned tuesday that `` further attacks may be imminent '' in istanbul and ankara , as it strengthened its warning against all non-essential travel to turkish cities  .
the red-hot us housing market cooled a bit in october as existing home sales edged down  .
percent to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of  .
million units , an industry group said tuesday  .
the death toll from the double suicide attacks on british targets in istanbul rose to  tuesday when a turkish woman died of her injuries , the city 's health department said  .
at least three children were injured in the pakistani zone of kashmir tuesday in shelling by indian troops from across the regions de facto border , police said  .
bulgarian president georgy parvanov is due in france on friday to seek support for bulgaria 's bid to join the european union in   .
greek first division club ofi crete announced tuesday that they have accepted the resignation of their czech coach zdenek   .
the fortune of billionaires living in switzerland fell  percent in  from a year ago to  billion swiss francs -lrb-  billion dollars ,  billion euros -rrb- due to the weak global financial markets , according to an annual  to be published on wednesday  .
a former school caretaker accused of murdering two english schoolgirls in august  has admitted that the girls died in his house when he was alone with them , prosecutors said tuesday at the trial  .
kenya 's roman catholic church has chided the government for dragging its feet in improving the lives of kenyans nearly a year after sweeping to power , a pastoral letter issued tuesday said  .
for people curious to find `` amelie '' 's cafe or the little paris bistro where audrey hepburn and walter matthau grabbed a bite to eat in `` charade '' , a new tourist guide makes it all easy  .
a former psychiatric patient who killed three women in london , earning himself the nickname `` the camden ripper , '' was sentenced to life in prison tuesday after he dramatically changed his plea and confessed in court to their murder  .
twenty-two miners were confirmed dead and one missing after more four bodies were found following a gas explosion at a coal mine in china 's central henan province , state media reported tuesday  .
european central bank said tuesday that an eurozone deal letting france and germany temporarily off the hook over ballooning deficits carried `` serious risks ''  .
seven tombs in a jewish cemetery in the southern french city of marseille were defaced with swastikas and symbols of an extreme-right movement overnight , authorities said tuesday  .
west brom striker lee hughes was charged on tuesday with causing death by dangerous driving and failing to stop after an accident following a car crash in which a -year-old man died  .
chancellor gerhard schroeder hailed a controversial eurozone deal tuesday temporarily letting germany and its biggest ally france off the hook over their spiralling public deficits as `` a wise decision  .
a former school caretaker accused of murdering two english schoolgirls in august  has admitted that the girls died in his house when he was alone with them , prosecutors said tuesday at the trial  .
england wicketkeeper chris read has signed an extended deal with his county side nottinghamshire that will keep him at trent bridge until the end of the  season  .
european central bank said tuesday that an eurozone deal letting france and germany temporarily off the hook over ballooning deficits carried `` serious risks ''  .
belgian prime minister guy verhofstadt said tuesday that `` dark clouds of pessimism '' hung over eu efforts to adopt a controversial new constitution  .
tonnes of tnt explosive , part of a huge military surplus , to a company in neighbouring serbia , the defense ministry said tuesday  .
former kenyan mp adan  , has been charged with the murder of three people , including a delegate to peace talks on somalia in nairobi , his lawyer told afp on tuesday  .
a german television actor jailed for squashing his tax advisor to death was released tuesday pending a new trial , after evidence emerged that he had faked his own confession to the killing  .
european stock markets were mixed tuesday , with the london ftse  index closing  .
three champions league and uefa cup ties due to be played in turkey over the next two weeks , including english premiership side chelsea 's away leg against besiktas , will be moved abroad because of security concerns , uefa said tuesday  .
european central bank said tuesday that an eurozone deal letting france and germany temporarily off the hook over ballooning deficits carried `` serious risks ''  .
three champions league and uefa cup ties due to be played in turkey over the next two weeks , including english premiership side chelsea 's away leg against besiktas , will be moved abroad because of security concerns , uefa said tuesday  .
world champions ferrari struck the first blow of the  formula one world championship when luca badoer clocked the best time on the first day of testing at the  circuit here on tuesday  .
poland will increase the number of customs officers at its eastern border -- the european union 's future outer border -- ahead of its may  membership of the bloc , the finance ministry said on tuesday  .
the father of heartthrob american actor george clooney is to run for the us house of representatives , and the democratic party is throwing its weight behind him  .
the united states is `` very satisfied '' with a compromise un draft resolution condemning iran 's nuclear program , secretary of state colin powell said tuesday  .
john carlos , who joined tommie smith in a poignant podium protest against racism during the  olympics , was among four people named tuesday to the united states track and field hall of fame  .
president vladimir putin said on tuesday that the country 's unique attractions gave it a serious chance of joining the club of standard worldwide destinations for tourists  .
owners of greece 's some , tourist buses said on tuesday they suspended a three-day strike which was to begin on wednesday  .
british-based betting company unibet on tuesday challenged the swedish state 's gambling monopoly in court , saying the odds on loosening the state 's iron grip on the industry have shortened considerably  .
former west indies skipper carl hooper has decided to return and play county cricket with lancashire next season after agreeing a new one-year deal  .
, an austrian subsidiary of us company general dynamics , has acquired a -percent stake in slovenian armored cars and cannon tubes factory   , the factory 's major shareholder said tuesday  .
health minister jean-francois mattei on tuesday defended his actions during an august heatwave that killed nearly , people in france by blaming the disaster on a multiplication of errors rather than any individuals under his authority  .
a series of explosions was heard in central baghdad tuesday evening , but the us military could not immediately say what caused them  .
the united states is `` very satisfied '' with a compromise un draft resolution condemning iran 's nuclear program , secretary of state colin powell said tuesday  .
english schoolgirls holly wells and jessica chapman died in the bathroom of ian huntley , the man charged with their august  murder , his lawyer told his trial tuesday  .
colombian juan pablo montoya led a williams one-two-three in formula one testing here on tuesday as he started his preparations for what will be his final season with the british team  .
english schoolgirls holly wells and jessica chapman died in the bathroom of ian huntley , the man charged with their august  murder , his lawyer told his trial tuesday  .
former chilean dictator , augusto pinochet , celebrated his th birthday on tuesday in a defiant mood saying he does n't need a pardon from anyone and that he feels like `` an angel  .
the united states issued a new call for exiled liberian leader charles taylor to face a special un-backed war crimes tribunal in sierra leone  .
georgian finance minister   handed in his resignation on tuesday , the third member of the government of ousted president eduard shevardnadze to step down in the space of two days , national television reported  .
a ceasefire in kashmir agreed by the rival indian and pakistani armies came into effect at midnight tuesday -lrb-  gmt -rrb- , according to a timetable released by the indian foreign ministry  .
french interior minister nicolas sarkozy -- known for his sharp political ambitions -- has suggested changing rules governing the mandate of a president so it is limited to just two terms , as in the united states  .
a ceasefire in kashmir agreed by the rival indian and pakistani armies came into effect at midnight tuesday -lrb-  gmt -rrb- , according to a timetable released by the indian foreign ministry  .
the european union tuesday agreed watered-down proposals designed to boost corporate transparency , stopping short of forcing companies to report earnings every three months  .
the brother of the mayor of the west bank town of nablus was seriously wounded late tuesday as unknown gunmen opened fire on his car , palestinian security sources said  .
helsinki , nov  -lrb- afp -rrb- three finnish officials , among them the government 's former security chief , were on tuesday charged with illegally monitoring two mobile phones used by former prime minister paavo lipponen and his chauffeur  .
basking in a major political victory , us president george w .
bush on tuesday warmly praised passage of `` historic '' legislation he said will rejuvenate the medicare elderly health care program  .
kennedy backed an american intermediary holding a secret meeting with cuban president fidel castro just  days before his assassination in dallas  years ago , according to a recently declassified audio tape  .
a ceasefire in kashmir agreed by the rival indian and pakistani armies came into effect at midnight tuesday -lrb-  gmt -rrb- , according to a timetable released by the indian foreign ministry  .
iran on tuesday slammed israel 's campaign to convince the world that the islamic republic is intent on acquiring a nuclear weapon  .
turkish police took new security measures tuesday after britain boosted a travel alert for its nationals , warning that further bomb attacks here may be imminent  .
the united states on tuesday welcomed the ceasefire clinched by india and pakistan along the borders of disputed kashmir , saying it hoped more moves towards peace were on the way  .
the euro remained under pressure in late european trade tuesday , affected by the apparent collapse of the european union 's stability and growth pact , analysts said  .
georgia 's acting president , nino burjanadze , has lifted the state of emergency imposed on the country by her predecessor eduard shevardnadze during the popular uprising that led to his downfall , her spokeswoman said on tuesday  .
georgia 's opposition parties will field a single candidate in january  presidential elections in the former soviet republic following eduard shevardnadze 's forced resignation , the top potential challenger said tuesday  .
european stock markets closed narrowly mixed tuesday after a batch of conflicting us economic data led to some profit taking on wall street  .
major league baseball has signed a development deal for at least the next two years with the china baseball association to help boost the sport and prepare the nation 's talent for the  beijing olympics  .
a canada-european union summit planned for next month in ottawa has been canceled , a canadian official said tuesday  .
the top us diplomat for the middle east , william burns , will travel to israel and the palestinian territories over the weekend in a bid to relaunch the international `` road map '' to peace in the region , the state department said tuesday  .
a ceasefire in kashmir agreed by the rival indian and pakistani armies came into effect at midnight tuesday -lrb-  gmt -rrb- , according to a timetable released by the indian foreign ministry  .
former chilean dictator , augusto pinochet , celebrated his th birthday on tuesday in a defiant mood after drawing new criticism over new comments about human rights abuses  .
northern ireland 's hardline protestant leader ian paisley , who opposed the good friday peace deal , looks likely to win the most seats overall in wednesday 's elections for a new provincial assembly , bookmakers predicted  .
bush vowed tuesday to meet `` short-term security needs '' in places like iraq with military force , but said long-term us interests are best served by spreading global freedom  .
russian side lokomotiv moscow ensured arsenal must win against inter milan later on tuesday when they beat ukrainian champions dynamo kiev - in an early champions league group b match  .
poland and slovakia are to slug it out for the prize of a billion-dollar european car plant to be built by south korean manufacturer hyundai , a senior slovakian minister confirmed on tuesday  .
only three days after it suspended flights to iraq , international express courier dhl said tuesday it was temporarily halting its service to afghanistan while it carried out a security review in the volatile country  .
the white house gave a muted response tuesday to the iraqi governing council 's ban on the arab television channel al-arabiya , saying it did not want to `` second-guess '' the decision  .
american football 's traditional double-header for the us thanksgiving holiday features three teams fighting for a playoff berth and another just trying to avoid a third losing season in a row  .
russian foreign minister igor ivanov on tuesday confirmed the impression of kremlin unease over the overthrow of georgian president eduard shevardnadze with a thinly veiled jibe at the united states  .
the us congress on tuesday approved the first law aimed at stemming the flood of unsolicited e-mail , or spam , into the inboxes of computer users  .
three champions league and uefa cup ties due to be played in turkey over the next two weeks , including english premiership side chelsea 's away leg against besiktas , will be moved abroad because of security concerns , uefa said tuesday  .
us prosecutors filed charges tuesday against  people , mostly employees at new york 's john f .
kennedy airport , over a drug smuggling conspiracy involving nearly half a tonne of cocaine  .
a group of jordanian prisoners freed by israel on tuesday as a goodwill gesture on the muslim holiday of eid al-fitr arrived back in jordan , a correspondent at this border crossing said  .
three top democrats in congress on tuesday called on the pentagon to investigate what they charged are inflated prices charged by the halliburton energy concern for shipping oil to iraq  .
the lawyer acting for ian huntley , the man accused of murdering two english schoolgirls in a trial that has gripped britain , said on tuesday they `` accidentally '' died in huntley 's bathroom , confirming his client 's implication in their deaths for the first time  .
philadelphia ers forward glenn robinson , known as `` big dog '' , was put on the injured list tuesday after having missed the past seven games with a sprained left ankle  .
us prosecutors filed charges tuesday against  people , mostly employees at new york 's john f .
kennedy airport , over a drug smuggling conspiracy involving nearly half a tonne of cocaine  .
bush on tuesday said the third-quarter explosion in us economic growth vindicated the mammoth tax cuts he pushed through the us congress  .
lawmakers in the us senate of tuesday introduced legislation to set ground rules for us officials making official contact with the goverment of north korea , while also providing assistance to refugees fleeing the totalitarian regime  .
the european union firmly denied on tuesday that it had reached a compromise with israel over the labeling of exports produced in jewish settlements built on occupied arab territories  .
macedonian prime minister branko crvenkovski on tuesday claimed us support for his country 's entry into `` euro-atlantic security structures '' after meeting secretary of state colin powell  .
lawmakers in the us senate on tuesday introduced legislation that would set ground rules for us officials making contact with the goverment of north korea , while also providing assistance to refugees fleeing the totalitarian regime  .
three top democrats lawmakers on tuesday called on the pentagon to investigate what they alleged are inflated prices charged by the halliburton energy giant for shipping fuel to iraq  .
israeli trade minister ehud olmert said tuesday a compromise solution had been reached with the european union in a long-running dispute over the labeling of exports produced by jewish settlers  .
the us senate on tuesday approved the first law aimed at stemming the flood of unsolicited e-mail , or spam , into the inboxes of computer users  .
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld said on tuesday his staff are investigating if the pentagon should suspend a controversial  billion dollar deal with aviation giant boeing  .
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld said on tuesday that the us-led coalition is not considering the `` formal '' reestablishment of iraq 's former army to help  war-torn iraq  .
deportivo la coruna rebounded from their stunning - defeat to monaco to beat aek athens - here on tuedsay and keep up their charge for a place in the last sixteen of the champions league  .
iraq 's top religious figure , ayatollah ali sistani , wants to `` reconsider '' an agreement with the us-led coalition on the transfer of power to the iraqis , a shiite politician said tuesday  .
ten-man real sociedad battled to a champions league - draw with olympiakos here on tuesday but face an agonising wait to see whether or not they will join juventus as the two sides progressing from group d into the knockout stages  .
french league leaders monaco secured their place in the last  of the champions league after a bad-tempered - home draw against group c rivals psv eindhoven on tuesday  .
a red-hot report on the us economy got a cool response on wall street tuesday , where stocks ended mixed as investors locked in recent gains and looked ahead to a more cloudy economic picture  .
the first criminal charges in the mutual fund scandal were announced tuesday as new york state hit three executives of a financial trade processing firm for assisting in illegal after-hours trading  .
greek first division side ofi crete on tuesday appointed  firos on a one and a half year contract after accepting the resignation of their czech coach zdenek   .
mohamed hamdi  , arrested by yemen on tuesday , may be implicated in the bomb attack on the uss cole three years ago , the attack killed  american sailors , a us official said  .
bayern munich pulled their champions league campaign back from the brink by holding out for a goalless draw with celtic here on tuesday  .
mexican pop star gloria trevi 's former manager will be extradited to his homeland on charges of child sexual abuse and corruption of minors , brazil 's ministry of justice said in a statement  .
the dollar was mixed tuesday , failing to gain traction from a sizzling report on us economic growth , as the us current account deficit and geopolitical tensions kept the greenback under pressure  .
world oil prices edged barely higher tuesday as traders hesitated on the eve of a weekly snapshot of us crude oil inventories , analysts said  .
former vermont governor howard dean interrupted his presidential campaigning tuesday to travel to hawaii for the return to the united states of human remains believed to be those of a brother who went missing in laos nearly three decades ago  .
a headed goal from towering finnish defender hannu  handed anderlecht a - win over group a rivals lyon - and a champions league lifeline - on tuesday that ensures everything is still to play for on the final matchday  .
citigroup disclosed tuesday that federal officials are investigating apparent improprieties in its  business following an internal review of the company 's mutual fund operations  .
south korean first baseman choi hee seop was traded from the chicago cubs to the world series champion florida marlins here tuesday in a deal that sent major league baseball star derrek lee to the cubs  .
caritas , a global network of roman catholic aid agencies , is cooking up an international recipe collection , the organization told afp tuesday  .
the united states on tuesday announced it was sending an interagency team to georgia next week to help in the transition of power following the overthrow of georgian president eduard shevardnadze  .
a canadian citizen , who was released from a us prison in guantanamo bay recently , has been refused assistance and the ability to return to canada , a lawyer for his family said tuesday  .
the brother of the mayor of the west bank town of nablus died after being seriously wounded late on tuesday when unidentified gunmen opened fire on his car , palestinian hospital officials said  .
the us senate 's sergeant-at-arms , the body 's chief law enforcement office , was investigating tuesday how more than a dozen memos written by democratic congressional staff members were leaked to two us newspapers  .
britain 's third most senior judge intervened tuesday in a transatlantic row over the united states ' detention of terror suspects at guantanamo bay , cuba , describing their imprisonment as a `` monstrous failure of justice ''  .
bush on tuesday announced that the united states is stepping up discussions with key european and asian allies about the overhaul of us global military deployments  .
just a week away from his inauguration as california governor , arnold schwarzenegger will on tuesday present proposals to shave  .
billion dollars off social programs over the next  months  .
million dollars this year from loan guarantees currently available to israel over disagreements over israeli activity in palestinian territories , the israeli embassy in washington announced late tuesday  .
million dollars this year from loan guarantees currently available to israel over disagreements over israeli activity in palestinian territories , the israeli embassy in washington announced late tuesday  .
pakistani cricket  politician imran khan attacked tuesday the us-led war on terrorism , accusing us president george w .
share prices in tokyo opened higher wednesday with the nikkei- index gaining  .
washington wizards star guard gilbert arenas was placed on the injured list tuesday with a severe abdominal strain  .
israel 's main opposition labor party announced on tuesday the main principles of its own peace plan for the region , which is based on israel withdrawing from the palestinian territories it has occupied since   .
bush on tuesday announced that the united states is stepping up discussions with key european and asian allies about the overhaul of us global military deployments  .
fiji 's rugby boss wednesday called for the international rugby board to scrap a proposed competition in which the richest nine nations play each other in a mini-world cup  .
relatives of us troops based in iraq and a number of  will travel to iraq this weekend to express concerns at us operations there , the organization arranging the visit announced tuesday  .
denver broncos coach mike shanahan suspended defensive tackle daryl gardener two additional games tuesday following critical comments on a radio show  .
million dollars this year from loan guarantees currently available to israel over disagreements over israeli activity in palestinian territories , the israeli embassy in washington announced late tuesday  .
hollywood star cameron diaz on tuesday won back her modesty tuesday when a judge blocked the sale of topless photographs snapped of the actress before she became famous  .
dietmar hamann is in line to start his first game for liverpool since last season as they seek to book their place in the third round of the uefa cup at anfield on thursday  .
celtic face a nerve-wracking trip to lyon next month for their final champions league group a match after failing to break down bayern munich 's determined resistance at parkhead  .
the chairman of the senate  committee said at a press conference tuesday at a republican staff member has been placed on administrative leave without pay in connection with a probe into how memos written by democratic staff members were leaked to two us newspapers  .
the chairman of the senate  committee said at a press conference tuesday that a republican staff member has been placed on administrative leave without pay in connection with a probe into how memos written by democratic staff members were leaked to two us newspapers  .
hong kong gold prices opened lower wednesday at  .
us dollars an ounce , compared to the previous day 's closing rate of  .
two days after yet another heartbreaking loss , the atlanta falcons learned that leading rusher warrick dunn will miss the rest of the national football league season with a sprained right foot  .
street robberies in london soared by  percent during last week 's state visit to britain by us president george w .
bush as thousands of extra police officers ditched normal duties to help oversee an unprecedented security operation , newspapers reported wednesday  .
new zealand prime minister helen clark wednesday welcomed nigeria 's decision not to invite zimbabwe president robert mugabe to next month 's commonwealth summit  .
hong kong share prices were slightly higher in opening trade wednesday as investors remained cautious following the mixed performance on wall street overnight , dealers said  .
a us consumer group warned australia its prescription medicines would become unaffordable wednesday if it bowed to us demands for greater market access as part of a free trade agreement between the two countries  .
australia 's competition watchdog said wednesday it would oppose a takeover bid by coca cola amatil -lrb- cca -rrb- of berri ltd , the country 's biggest fruit juice company  .
the dollar gained slightly against the yen wednesday on the bright us economic outlook , but trading was quiet in the absence of fresh factors and ahead of the us thanksgiving holiday , dealers said  .
said wednesday it would base its new no-frills airline , to be launched next year , in melbourne  .
a mainland chinese man who arrived in hong kong suffering from a high fever is undergoing tests in hospital as a precaution against sars , a department of health spokeswoman said wednesday  .
the chairman of the senate  committee said at a press conference tuesday that a republican staff member has been placed on administrative leave without pay in connection with a probe into how memos written by democratic aides were leaked to two us newspapers  .
democratic representative from florida robert wexler urged eu officials tuesday to publish a report from brussels on rising anti-semitism in europe  .
on wednesday forecast full-year net profit would rise - percent  .
oil prices were higher in asian trade wednesday ahead of the release of us crude inventories and opec 's decision on output levels next week , dealers said  .
german industrial conglomerate voith ag has won contracts worth some  million euros -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- in china for its paper subsidiary , state press reported wednesday  .
australia 's draconian quarantine regime faced one of its biggest challenges ever wednesday with the arrival in sydney of the  star princess and its , passengers and crew  .
south korea 's main opposition leader launched an indefinite hunger strike in parliament on wednesday to protest against the scrapping of an independent probe into corruption allegations  .
some , people have been killed by landmines and unexploded ordnance since the end of the vietnam war in vietnam 's most heavily bombed province along the former demilitarized zone , surveys showed wednesday  .
a vietnamese man is to face the firing squad for murdering a market trader after intervening in a dispute over a  bottle of wine , court officials said wednesday  .
south korean auto giant hyundai motor , which has shortlisted poland and slovakia for its first european plant , said wednesday it is seeking a site which ensures `` competitive '' low-cost production  .
a thai man who suspected his daughter was murdered by her in-laws took revenge in an attack that left four people dead and two injured before turning the weapon on himself , police said wednesday  .
bnp paribas launched wednesday its chinese securities joint venture , changjiang bnp paribas peregrine securities co ltd , with  million yuan -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- in paid-up capital  .
the us federal bureau of investigation reaffirmed tuesday its commitment to `` the constitutional rights of all americans '' following charges it was spying on political activists -- and made public a classified document to prove its point  .
china wednesday warned of a `` strong reaction '' if taiwan passes a referendum law that could potentially pave the way for the island 's independence from the mainland  .
moody 's investors service raised thailand 's foreign currency ratings wednesday , citing a dramatic reduction in external debt , strong economic growth prospects and an improved external payments position  .
percent higher in morning trade on wednesday , dealers said  .
an east timorese court on wednesday jailed a former member of a pro-jakarta militia to nine years ' jail for crimes against humanity committed during the territory 's bloody breakaway from indonesia in   .
a batch of genetically-modified mice may have shown the way to thwarting one of the potentially fatal side effects of the club drug ecstasy , according to a study published thursday in the british scientific journal nature  .
australia warned its nationals wednesday that new terrorist attacks could be imminent in major turkish cities following a spate of suicide bombings that left  dead in istanbul  .
the enigmatic icy rocks known as the kuiper belt came to inhabit the distant fringes of the solar system thanks to the gravitational pull of youthful neptune billions of years ago , a study says  .
chinese  wednesday denied any wrongdoing after the united states rapped them with a set of heavy anti-dumping duties that have reignited fears the two countries are headed toward a trade war  .
chinese technicians were wednesday dismantling a satellite tracking station in the mid-pacific nation of kiribati , state-owned radio reported , after the country opened diplomatic ties with taiwan  .
voting to elect new members of northern ireland 's currently suspended semi-autonomous local assembly began on wednesday  .
vietnam 's state-owned oil and gas giant petrovietnam has drawn up plans to privatise seven of its  wholly-owned subsidiaries over the next two years to raise capital , officials said wednesday  .
australia 's most powerful labor party leader and the premier of its largest state has warned the country to prepare for the threat of an aggressive islamic government in indonesia  .
british foreign secretary jack straw said wednesday that violence here would diminish with the gradual return of power to iraqis , as he made a visit to the restive country that had been unannounced for security reasons  .
china wednesday blasted taiwan for lacking sincerity over a plan that would allow chinese airlines to fly to the island for the first time ever during a major holiday early next year  .
bnp paribas announced wednesday a securities venture in china , the latest in a fast-growing list of companies eager to plant their feet on chinese soil ahead of full liberalisation of the country 's financial markets in   .
nepal 's prime minister surya bahadur thapa held talks with sri lankan leaders here wednesday on their south asian regional grouping , officials said  .
percent higher wednesday in lackluster trade , with many investors staying on the sidelines as they await a clearer indication of the market 's near-term direction , dealers said  .
sri lanka 's tamil tiger rebels will observe their annual heroes ' day thursday to commemorate , men and women killed in their struggle for a separate state  .
whether sri lanka returns to civil war is `` completely '' in the hands of the colombo government , the top tamil tiger leader wednesday told visiting eu external relations commissioner chris patten  .
hong kong gold prices closed higher wednesday at  .
us dollars an ounce compared with the previous day 's closing rate of  .
south korean auto giant hyundai motor , which has shortlisted poland and slovakia for its first european plant , said wednesday it is seeking a site which ensures competitive low-cost production  .
percent higher wednesday on selective bargain hunting , dealers said  .
syrian prime minister mohammed naji otri dismissed the possibility of a us front against syria , saying that the iraqi experience has dissuaded washington , in an egyptian weekly interview published wednesday  .
cricket fans on wednesday rushed outlets to buy tickets to personally farewell australian captain steve waugh in his final test  .
government corruption and slow progress in reforming the financial sector will jeopardise vietnam 's economic and social development unless immediate steps are taken , the world bank warned wednesday  .
a south european port will be named wednesday as the first city in europe to host yachting and sport 's oldest trophy , the america 's cup , since the maiden regatta was run off the british coast at cowes in   .
what teammates , former teammates , administrators and opponents said about australian cricket captain steve waugh who announced his imminent retirement here on wednesday  .
west indies captain brian lara is under pressure to win the third of five one-day cricket internationals here against zimbabwe  .
what teammates , former teammates , administrators and opponents said about australian cricket captain steve waugh who announced his imminent retirement here on wednesday  .
cricket fans on wednesday rushed outlets to buy tickets to personally farewell australian captain steve waugh in his final test  .
nearly , chinese mines ordered shut after a series of fatal accidents have been told to re-open as power companies report severe coal shortages , state media said wednesday  .
the guns fell silent in kashmir on wednesday as the first-ever full ceasefire between india and pakistan came into effect , raising hopes that talks to find a lasting peace could begin  .
cricket fans on wednesday rushed outlets to buy tickets to personally farewell australian captain steve waugh in his final test  .
ricky ponting on wednesday shelved his test captaincy ambitions to pay a glowing tribute to the magnificent cricketing career of incumbent skipper steve waugh  .
india 's attack took a pasting as in-form batsman brad hodge scored  not out on the second day of the tourists ' three-day clash with victoria here wednesday  .
india 's attack took a pasting as in-form batsman brad hodge scored  not out on the second day of the tourists ' three-day clash with victoria here wednesday  .
an `` overheard remark '' wednesday afternoon prompted a security alert on aircraft flying to new zealand from australia , officials said  .
taiwan 's economic growth in  is likely to exceed the official  .
percent target with the implementation of the cabinet 's proposed major infrastructure projects , a top economic think tank said wednesday  .
greece , which has one of the heaviest smoking populations in the world , on wednesday announced a country-wide ban on outdoor tobacco advertising for a five-month period that will take in the  olympics  .
four islamic rebels were shot dead in indian kashmir wednesday , just hours after india and pakistan began a ceasefire on their disputed border in the himalayan province , police said  .
a jordanian was jailed for four years by a german court wednesday for plotting terror attacks on jewish targets here as part of a terror group linked to al-qaeda  .
taiwan is set to launch a french-made research satellite that could also be used for military purposes , officials said wednesday  .
percent higher wednesday in lackluster trade , with many investors staying on the sidelines as they await a clearer indication of the market 's near-term direction , dealers said  .
dogs will have to pay to travel on berlin 's public transport system , according to plans unveiled wednesday by the city network 's operating authority for next year  .
percent higher wednesday on futures-linked buying of banking and property stocks but dealers said thin liquidity ahead of the us thanksgiving holiday capped gains  .
georgia 's ousted president eduard shevardnadze , who dominated the political life of this caucasus state for a decade , dropped by the presidency wednesday to pick up his personal possessions and speeches  .
moody 's investors service raised thailand 's foreign currency ratings wednesday , citing a dramatic reduction in external debt , strong economic growth prospects and an  remained stable and the stable outlook on the government 's baa domestic currency bond rating remained unchanged  .
children at steve waugh 's favorite charity home in india on wednesday reacted with shock to the australian test captain 's decision to quit international cricket  .
on wednesday announced its purchase of independent power producer sithe asia holdings ltd .
an unemployed man was tried wednesday for `` incitement to subvert the state '' after he published an article on the internet accusing china 's ruling communist party of corruption , a human rights group said  .
once considered a tourist paradise for its cool climate and striking scenery , kashmir has become a permanent irritant between nuclear-armed india and pakistan , which have fought two of their three wars over the himalayan territory  .
china 's great wall motor plans to raise  .
billion hong kong dollars -lrb- - million us -rrb- through an initial public offering -lrb- ipo -rrb- , sources close to the deal said wednesday  .
around , taxi drivers have stopped work in china 's southwestern sichuan province , taking their protest against new taxes to government offices , local officials said wednesday  .
donors have pledged a significant amount of funds to kenya over the next three years , representing more than the government had budgeted for , kenyan finance minister david mwiraria has said  .
two senior executives of the state-run vietnam national coffee corporation -lrb-  -rrb- are to be suspended pending further investigations into corruption allegations , state media said wednesday  .
us prosecutors have given france until monday night california time to reach a settlement to a legal conflict stemming from the allegedly fraudulent purchase of a california insurer by french bank credit lyonnais , a source close to the case said here wednesday  .
springbok skipper corne krige said wednesday players were taking legal advice over images screened around the world showing south africa 's national rugby team naked at a military-style `` boot camp ''  .
australian economic growth is likely to accelerate in  but new zealand risks overheating after four years of very strong activity , the organisation for economic cooperation and development -lrb- oecd -rrb- said wednesday  .
supreme iranian leader ayatollah ali khamenei denounced wednesday the occupation of iraq , which he called a `` quagmire '' for americans , in a sermon for the end of ramadan to tens of thousands of worshippers at tehran 's main mosque  .
percent wednesday after global rating agency moody 's upgraded thailand 's foreign currency ratings , analysts said  .
russia can repay in full its debts towards the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- two years early , by  , the deputy finance minister alexei  was quoted by interfax as saying wednesday  .
britain will continue to outshine most major economies as a global recovery accelerates , requiring further interest rate rises to tame rampant house price inflation , the oecd forecast wednesday  .
the death toll from the twin suicide car bomb attacks on british targets in istanbul rose to  on wednesday when a turkish woman died of her injuries , the city 's health department said  .
a week-old iraqi girl underwent heart surgery at a hospital near tel aviv wednesday , in an unprecedented display of solidarity between one-time enemy countries , medical sources said  .
traffic accidents have killed  people in the past five days in malaysia as thousands traveled home to celebrate the eid al-fitr festival , police said wednesday  .
the french economy will recover gradually next year as exports pick up after barely escaping a recession this year , the organisation for economic cooperation and development said wednesday  .
georgian opposition leader mikhail saakashvili , who orchestrated the weeks of mass protests that toppled eduard shevardnadze , will run in presidential elections on january  , interim president nino burjanadze announced wednesday  .
iran said wednesday it was ready to sign an accord on wider inspections of its nuclear sites by the the un atomic agency  .
magistrates in democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- said wednesday they would step up a month-old strike over pay after the justice ministry made them an `` insulting '' one-off bonus offer to get them to return to work  .
billion dollars in the first  months of the year as import growth outpaced that of exports , preliminary figures showed wednesday  .
the un nuclear watchdog condemned wednesday iran 's nuclear program for two decades of covert activities but did not send tehran before the un security council for possible sanctions , a senior western diplomat said  .
new palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei will hold his first meeting with a senior american official this weekend when top us envoy william burns visits qorei 's west bank headquarters , sources said wednesday  .
georgian opposition leader mikhail saakashvili , who will be running in presidential elections on january  , said wednesday a top priority would be tbilisi 's relations with moscow  .
the oecd warned wednesday that any loosening of strict eurozone budget rules could be `` counter-productive , '' a day after eu ministers let  france and germany off the hook over balooning deficits  .
german chancellor gerhard schroeder called wednesday for compromises from poland and spain in the wrangle over an eu constitution , even though they would lose voting powers  .
air france and the airline china southern signed a code-share agreement wednesday for flights between paris and guangzhou starting january  , the french company said  .
afghanistan 's ousted taliban have called for a boycott of next year 's presidential election and a holy war against us troops while also threatening attacks on those working with foreigners or in the afghan police and army  .
georgian opposition leader mikhail saakashvili , who orchestrated the weeks of mass protests that toppled eduard shevardnadze , will run in presidential elections on january  , interim president nino burjanadze announced wednesday  .
the un nuclear watchdog unanimously condemned wednesday iran 's nuclear program for two decades of covert activities but did not send tehran before the un security council for possible sanctions , an iaea spokesman said  .
the british economy grew faster than previously thought in the third quarter , when gross domestic product increased by  .
percent from the previous quarter , official figures showed wednesday  .
swiss organisers of the america 's cup on wednesday named the mediterranean port of valencia in spain as the venue for the  series  .
valencia 's bid for the  america 's cup was simplified when palma in majorca was dropped from the shortlist in september  .
an international rights group called wednesday for the immediate and unconditional lifting of press restrictions in indonesia 's aceh province , where a major military campaign to crush separatist rebels is in its seventh month  .
eu research ministers on wednesday chose france to host an ambitious project to replicate the sun 's nuclear fusion , beating a spanish bid , diplomats said  .
taiwan 's transportation and communications ministry on wednesday called off the planned auction of  million chunghwa telecom shares after a top watchdog warned the previous such sale was unfair  .
vandals tried to set alight to a mosque in northern france tuesday night and scrawled two swastikas on its walls , police in the port of dunkirk said  .
eu research ministers on wednesday chose france as the bloc 's candidate to host an ambitious project to replicate the sun 's nuclear fusion , beating a spanish bid , diplomats said  .
outraged newspapers from one end of europe to the other accused france and germany on wednesday of killing the stability pact that sought to underpin the single currency , the euro , through strict limits to budget deficits  .
cambodian antique collectors have returned ancient funeral urns which were taken from a pagoda in southern takeo province at the weekend , sparking an uproar among villagers , police said wednesday  .
truckers threatened protests wednesday as two more hindi-speakers were burnt to death in india 's northeastern state of assam , taking the death toll to  in  days of ethnic clashes , officials said  .
eighty-four military reservists have been awarded , euros -lrb- , dollars -rrb- by a macedonian court as compensation for lasting mental problems resulting from the inter-ethnic crisis of  , reports said wednesday  .
government corruption and slow progress in reforming the financial sector will jeopardise poverty reduction efforts in vietnam , the world 's fastest growing economy after china , unless immediate steps are taken , the world bank warned wednesday  .
us prosecutors have given france until monday night california time to settle a legal conflict stemming from the allegedly fraudulent purchase of a california insurer by french bank credit lyonnais , a source close to the case said here wednesday  .
one of the women pioneers of egyptian cinema , lebanese producer and actress mary  , died in cairo , egyptian government newspapers reported wednesday  .
the times of london , one of the world 's oldest and best-known newspapers , went tabloid on wednesday , launching a  `` compact '' edition to sell alongside its usual broadsheet format  .
georgian opposition leader mikhail saakashvili , who orchestrated weeks of protests that toppled former president eduard shevardnadze , announced on wednesday he would run in january 's presidential elections  .
the european commission said wednesday that legal action remains a possibility , but only one option , after eu finance ministers let france and germany off the hook over balooning budget deficits  .
some  swiss personalities have signed a manifesto published on wednesday that calls on switzerland to start negotiations to join the european union in   .
foreign secretary jack straw wednesday reiterated british concern over the plight of nationals held at a us base in cuba after prime minister tony blair failed to obtain any concessions during a london visit by us president george w .
afghanistan 's ousted taliban have called for a boycott of next year 's presidential election and a holy war against us troops while also threatening attacks on those working with foreigners or in the afghan police and army  .
gabonese president omar bongo has advised former rebels from ivory coast to rejoin their country 's unity government , from which they withdrew two months ago accusing president laurent gbagbo of obstructing peace-building efforts , a gabonese official has said  .
some  primary school children were poisoned after drinking soy milk and eating cake in the south china town of beihai while  remained in hospital , the xinhua news agency reported wednesday  .
sydney will be the first stop when the olympic torch goes on a global relay spanning all five of the world 's continents next year  .
former us first lady senator hillary rodham clinton will spend thanksgiving with american troops in afghanistan , an embassy spokeswoman said wednesday  .
valencia mayor rita barbera said wednesday the mediterranean port 's success at winning the right to stage the  america 's cup would put it on the world map  .
the european commission offered wednesday to make concessions to re-start world trade talks after the collapse of a key wto meeting in september , but called for its partners to show similar flexibility  .
thieves have made off with artwork and precious items of unspecified value after breaking into a luxurious residence in the french alps belonging to the saudi royal family , french police said wednesday  .
with a smile , hillary clinton  that she may run for us president in  but stay out of the campaign for next year , in an interview with a german magazine released wednesday  .
ivorian president laurent gbagbo arrived wednesday in southern burkina faso for talks with his burkinabe counterpart blaise compaore amid easing tensions between the two west african neighbors  .
iran hailed wednesday a resolution by the un 's nuclear watchdog condemning it for two decades of covert nuclear activities but deciding not to recommend that it go before the un security council to face possible sanctions  .
poland 's president aleksander kwasniewski will pay a state visit to britain when his nation joins the european union , queen elizabeth ii announced wednesday  .
eu research ministers on wednesday chose france as the bloc 's candidate to host an ambitious international project to replicate the sun 's nuclear fusion , beating a spanish bid , diplomats said  .
rubber futures in singapore finished lower wednesday on increased volumes , dealers said  .
zimbabwe 's mark vermeulen and heath streak combined to set west indies  to win the third of five one-day internationals being played at harare sports club here wednesday , having put together a total of -  .
shares in leeds united plunged nearly  percent on wednesday after the struggling premiership club warned it was in serious danger of being forced into administration  .
bolton boss sam allardyce has confirmed he is considering signing russia captain viktor onopko when the transfer window reopens in january  .
losing america 's cup bidders expressed their disappointment wednesday after the swiss holders chose the spanish port of valencia to stage the  series  .
leading shiite muslim politican abdel aziz al-hakim wednesday warned of `` real problems '' if the us-led coalition 's blueprint for the return of power to iraqis is not changed  .
wigan and great britain captain andrew farrell will miss the start of the  super league season as a result of knee surgery which he had delayed to lead his country in the recent test series against australia  .
the un nuclear watchdog 's condemnation of iran wednesday for hiding nuclear activities was meant as a `` a very serious and ominous message '' for it to comply with international regulations in the future , iaea head mohamed elbaradei said  .
the guns fell silent over kashmir 's border wednesday as the first ever full ceasefire between india and pakistan came into effect , raising hopes that talks to find a lasting peace could begin  .
fiji 's vijay singh and local favorite ernie els will line up thursday for this year 's sun city challenge with a smaller winner 's fee , but a field enlarged from  to  players  .
sheikh aref  , a prominent lebanese druze spiritual guide who had forbidden members of his community from collaborating with israel , died wednesday at the age of  , officials said  .
the us military said wednesday it had captured a wife and daughter of izzat ibrahim al-duri , the number two of ousted leader saddam hussein who is believed to have masterminded a series of anti-coalition attacks  .
a large fire near an oil pipeline in northern iraq was intentionally started by a state-owned oil company to avoid leaked oil deposits being used by insurgents , a company official said  .
losing america 's cup bidders expressed their disappointment wednesday after the swiss holders chose the spanish port of valencia to stage the  series  .
the foreign and regional cooperation ministers of the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- left kinshasa on wednesday  -lrb- far -rrb- and interahamwe militia were defeated by kagame 's forces to end the genocide in rwanda that claimed around one million lives , according to kigali  .
an alternative peace plan drawn up by leading palestinian and israeli politicians and intellectuals is due to be unveiled in switzerland on monday  .
the un nuclear watchdog 's condemnation of iran wednesday for hiding nuclear activities was meant as a `` a very serious and ominous message '' for it to comply with international regulations in the future , iaea head mohamed elbaradei said  .
the polish central bank said on wednesday it was leaving its benchmark interest rates unchanged  .
south african sports minister ngconde balfour slammed the springboks ' military-style preparations for the rugby world cup wednesday , demanding an inquiry into the `` disgusting '' coaching methods  .
actions to the lithuanian people , '' he said  .
the un children 's agency and unaids wednesday urged african countries to finalize action plans for aids orphans , noting that nearly four-fifths of the world 's aids orphans are african  .
egyptian foreign minister ahmed maher asked israel to do its part for a truce with the palestinians when he spoke to his israeli counterpart silvan shalom on wednesday , the middle east news agency -lrb- mena -rrb- reported  .
gibraltarians are set to hand the ruling social democrats of chief minister peter caruana victory in thursday 's local election with opinion polls predicting he will win an absolute majority  .
concorde made its last ever flight on wednesday from london heathrow airport to  , near bristol , western england , where one model is to go on display to its army of admirers  .
fernando morientes said his goal which helped qualify monaco for the last  of the champions league means much more to him than it would have if he was still at real madrid  .
the oecd warned the russian government wednesday that its `` political '' campaign against the  percent growth rate in its economy next year , powered by domestic demand and oil industry activities  .
a french magazine , paris match , is to publish this week exclusive pictures of what it says shows iraqi rebels launching the missile attack on a german dhl  plane over baghdad at the weekend that prompted a shutdown of commercial air traffic to the iraqi capital  .
iran hailed wednesday a resolution by the un 's nuclear watchdog condemning it for two decades of covert nuclear activities but deciding not to recommend that it go before the un security council to face possible sanctions  .
the famed israeli author and veteran peace activist shulamit  has died after a long illness at the age of  , reports said wednesday  .
us consumer spending -- the major driver behind the world 's biggest economy -- was unchanged in october , even as people 's incomes grew , the government said wednesday  .
one of the women pioneers of egyptian cinema , lebanese producer and actress mary  , died in cairo , egyptian government newspapers reported wednesday  .
mark hughes has set his sights on steering wales to the  world cup finals  .
argentine striker fabian caballero has revealed that he wants to carry on playing in scotland , despite the trauma of having his contract  terminated by dundee  .
security measures at the british embassy in berlin were stepped up wednesday for the third time in less than a week following the attacks on british interests in istanbul , police and officials said  .
the algerian government has ordered secondary school teachers to end a seven-week strike over pay or be struck off the official teachers ' register , a statement said wednesday  .
georgia 's interim president , nino burjanadze , said wednesday that us president george w .
bush had assured her of us help in guaranteeing stability in the country  .
brazilian authorities have detained an israeli drug trafficker wanted in his home country as well as in thailand , japan , the united states and europe , police said wednesday  .
russian police officers said they discovered the body of a us woman in a fridge in the capital moscow on wednesday after finding a note on the body of a russian who had admitted killing her  .
a court on wednesday ordered russia 's bolshoi theater to reinstate a ballerina fired for being too heavy , russian media said  .
new orders for big-ticket items such as cars soared at the fastest rate in more than a year in october , shattering modest expectations , data showed wednesday  .
oil prices rose slightly on wednesday on the back of investment fund buying ahead of a weekly snapshot of us oil stocks , traders said  .
the stars of england 's world cup triumph look set to be rewarded with the weekend off but it will be straight back to the domestic grind for some of the squad players who were rarely used down under  .
argentina has stepped up security checks around the country after several warnings that a terrorist attack could be staged in buenos aires , defense minister jose pampuro said wednesday  .
georgia 's interim president , nino burjanadze , said on wednesday us president george w .
bush had assured her of washington 's help in guaranteeing stability in her former soviet republic  .
new orders for big-ticket items such as planes and washing machines soared at the fastest rate in more than a year in october , shattering modest expectations , data showed wednesday  .
spain 's opposition socialists on wednesday blasted conservative prime minister jose maria aznar after eu research ministers gave the nod to france to host a nuclear project that will replicate the sun 's nuclear fusion  .
brazil 's economy rebounded from six months of declines , growing  .
percent quarter over quarter in the third quarter , the government said wednesday  .
west brom striker lee hughes , who has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving and failing to stop after an accident following a car crash in which a -year-old man died , has been released on bail  .
russia hopes for a constitutional solution to the crisis in georgia following the forced resignation of president eduard shevardnadze , russian foreign minister igor ivanov said on wednesday  .
french weekly magazine , paris match , is to publish exclusive pictures of what it says are iraqi rebels launching a missile attack on a german dhl cargo plane over baghdad that led to a shutdown of commercial air traffic to the iraqi capital  .
a greek court ordered wednesday the release on bail of seven anti-globalisation protestors , five of them on hunger strike for two months , who face charges of rioting during an eu summit in june , their lawyers said  .
former south african cricket captain kepler wessels was on wednesday cleared of allegations that he made racist remarks about two colored -lrb- mixed race -rrb- players , an advocate hearing the case said  .
percent in october , to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of  .
million units , the commerce department said wednesday  .
a pathologist testifying at the trial of alleged murderer ian huntley cast withering doubt wednesday on a claim by the defense that his two -year-old victims died because of a bathroom mishap  .
the un nuclear watchdog adopted wednesday a resolution condemning iran 's nuclear program , but stopping short of taking the issue to the un security council for possible sanctions  .
iran 's arch-enemy israel said wednesday it would continue to carefully monitor tehran 's nuclear activities after the un 's atomic watchdog condemned tehran for two decades of covert nuclear activities  .
to have the television all to herself , a two-year-old girl in southwest germany locked her mother in a bedroom , police said wednesday  .
the irish airline aer lingus has signed an order to buy seven airbus as and said it would lease  more from the international lease finance corporation , the european aircraft maker said wednesday  .
ukraine is suffering from an alarming spread in the hiv virus that causes aids , a senior united nations official warned in the ex-soviet republic on wednesday  .
the hard-rocking slade hit `` merry  everybody '' will be heard no more at manchester airport after it was panned in a survey of travellers ' yuletide tastes  .
american consumers ' confidence hit an -month high in november as the economy galloped ahead , a survey by the university of michigan showed wednesday  .
ten government soldiers drowned during a training exercise in northern sri lanka wednesday , military sources here said  .
spain 's opposition socialists on wednesday blasted conservative prime minister jose maria aznar after eu research ministers chose france as their candidate to host a nuclear project that will replicate the sun 's nuclear fusion  .
wales manager mark hughes has confirmed that he will lead the side into the  world cup qualifying campaign  .
a pathologist testifying at the trial of alleged murderer ian huntley cast withering doubt wednesday on a claim by the defense that his two -year-old victims died because of a bathroom mishap  .
bolton boss sam allardyce has confirmed he is considering signing russia captain viktor onopko when the transfer window reopens in january  .
bolton boss sam allardyce has confirmed he is considering signing russia captain viktor onopko when the transfer window reopens in january  .
european commission chief romano prodi announced plans wednesday for a new `` initiative on better economic governance '' but made no mention of legal action , after eu ministers let france and germany off the hook over budget violations  .
the head of georgia 's autonomous adjara region in moscow on wednesday slammed the manner of president eduard shevardnadze 's overthrow , reinforcing fears for the country 's stability  .
arsenal 's thierry henry , his fellow frenchman zinedine zidane , and brazilian striker ronaldo have been nominated for the world football player of the year award , fifa said on wednesday  .
arsenal 's thierry henry , his fellow frenchman zinedine zidane , and brazilian striker ronaldo have been nominated for the world football player of the year award , fifa said on wednesday  .
post-election political horse-trading began in earnest here wednesday as the the nationalist croatian democratic union -lrb- hdz -rrb- sought partners for its new government , officials said  .
the united states saw an alarming jump in the number of new  cases between  and  among men who engage in risky behavior with other men , us health authorities said wednesday  .
european commission chief romano prodi announced plans wednesday for a new `` initiative on better economic governance '' but made no mention of legal action , after eu ministers let france and germany off the hook over budget violations  .
the wayward german football star stefan effenberg was fined , euros -lrb- , dollars -rrb- by a court wednesday for calling a policeman an ``   .
the turkish football federation on wednesday described as `` unacceptable '' a uefa decision to move three european football matches out of turkey on security grounds and threatened to go to court if the decision were not reversed within  hours  .
the french national assembly on wednesday ratified the treaty permitting the expansion of the european union to take in ten new member states next may  .
presidents paul kagame of rwanda and joseph kabila of the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- will meet in pretoria on thursday to review the implementation of a peace deal signed last year to end one of africa 's most tangled wars  .
michael jackson 's new album `` number ones , '' released just as news broke of child molestation charges against the troubled pop star , debuted at number  on the us charts wednesday  .
israeli president moshe katzav received a delegation of israeli and palestinian supporters of the unofficial geneva initiative peace plan at his official residence here wednesday , his spokesman said  .
the hard-rocking slade hit `` merry  everybody '' will be heard no more at manchester airport after it was panned in a survey of travellers ' yuletide tastes  .
european stock markets closed lower wednesday , with the london ftse  index falling  .
the french national assembly on wednesday ratified the treaty permitting the expansion of the european union to take in ten new member states next may  .
croatian martial arts fighter mirko filipovic , a world championship finalist , will enter parliament after winning a seat during last weekend 's election , official results showed wednesday  .
the guns fell silent over kashmir 's border wednesday as the first ever full ceasefire between india and pakistan began , raising hopes that talks to find a lasting peace could begin  .
the us economy is now in a broad-based expansion and the battered labor market is emerging from the dumps , the federal reserve 's beige book survey showed wednesday  .
the launch of an alternative middle east peace plan in geneva next week marks the start of a campaign by moderate israelis and palestinians that will only end once the violence stops , officials said wednesday  .
us actor richard dreyfuss will host the launch of an alternative middle east peace plan in geneva next week before a rare audience of celebrities , business heads and ordinary people from both sides of the conflict , officials said wednesday  .
wall street shares languished in morning trade wednesday , ahead of the thanksgiving day holiday , despite a feast of mostly stronger-than-expected economic data  .
west brom striker lee hughes , who has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving and failing to stop after an accident following a car crash in which a -year-old man died , has been released on bail  .
a jewish association won a landmark legal test case wednesday over the return of property sold during germany 's nazi era , opening the way for hundreds of similar claims  .
french and spanish judges are considering merging their separate probes into last year 's prestige oil spill disaster and launching a joint lawsuit , officials said wednesday  .
outgoing nato secretary general george robertson touched down on a landmark visit to belgrade wednesday in what many see as a fence-mending trip to a town bombed by alliance jets only four years ago  .
russian president vladimir putin and azerbaijan 's leader ilham aliyev spoke by telephone wenesday about the political turmoil in their mutual neighbor , georgia , the azeri state news agency reported  .
the french national assembly on wednesday ratified the treaty permitting the european union to take in ten new member states next may  .
the us and british military intervention in iraq bears some worrying similarities with britain 's involvement in northern ireland , former irish president and senior un official mary robinson said on wednesday  .
a doctor in southwest france was placed under judicial investigation wednesday for `` complicity to poison '' after she allegedly ordered a lethal injection to be administered to a woman dying of cancer , her lawyer said  .
the dutch ambassador to uganda on wednesday warned that his country will find it difficult to continue aiding uganda unless kampala takes firm action against corruption and speeds up democratization  .
russia on wednesday urged armenia and azerbaijan to revive their stalled peace talks over the disputed territory of nagorno-karabakh , a conflict which has been festering between the two neighbors for more than a decade  .
the us economy is now in a broad-based expansion and the battered labor market is emerging from the dumps , the federal reserve 's beige book survey showed wednesday  .
a television presenter in the hardline former soviet republic of uzbekistan said on wednesday that she had mounted an unprecedented legal challenge against censorship by her employer  .
poland 's deputy economy minister andrzej  is set to visit south korea from sunday as poland vies with slovakia for a billion-dollar car factory investment by hyundai  .
three editors from a nigerian news magazine were charged with sedition and criminal defamation on wednesday after they published an article alleging corruption at the heart of government , their lawyer said  .
sweden has agreed to return the remains of  aboriginals collected illegally in australia almost  years ago , thereby becoming the first european government to do so , australian and swedish officials said on wednesday  .
spanish prime minister jose maria aznar arrived in algeria on wednesday for the first of a series of top-level meetings called for under an october  bilateral cooperation accord  .
england 's world cup winning rugby team will take part in a victory parade through london next month , the rugby football union -lrb- rfu -rrb- announced on wednesday  .
gao zhan , a us-based chinese scholar convicted in china of spying for taiwan and released after pressure from the us government , pleaded guilty wednesday to exporting banned technology to china , a us official said  .
the european parliament and european union member countries agreed wednesday to allow austria to partly continue a widely contested ban on heavy trucks  .
the euro surged higher against the dollar wednesday as the us currency failed to gain from a raft of strong us data in thin trade as players stayed on the sidelines on the eve of a us holiday  .
oil prices gushed higher on wednesday after weekly us government figures showed a surprisingly big fall in us oil inventories , kindling jitters about supplies as winter looms in the northern hemisphere  .
welsh rugby chief david moffett has launched a blistering attack on australian counterpart john o'neill telling him to mind his own business over plans for wales to co-host the  world cup  .
the white house on wednesday welcomed the un nuclear watchdog agency 's resolution on iranian nuclear activities , saying it showed the world 's `` serious concerns '' about tehran 's atomic ambitions  .
england 's world cup winning rugby team will take part in a victory parade through london next month , the rugby football union -lrb- rfu -rrb- announced on wednesday  .
moldova is holding its ground in refusing to sign a russian-backed peace plan with the breakaway moldovan region of transdniestr , under european and possible us pressure , a senior kremlin official said wednesday  .
brazil 's triple world champion nelson piquet has claimed that the williams formula one team want to sign his -year-old son  on a seven-year deal  .
the united states saw an alarming jump in the number of new hivaids cases among homosexual men between  and  , us health authorities said wednesday  .
a us-based chinese scholar , gao zhan , once held in china for spying for taiwan , pleaded guilty in a us court wednesday to exporting banned technology to china , a us official said  .
west brom striker lee hughes , who has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving and failing to stop after an accident following a car crash in which a -year-old man died , has been released on bail  .
bush told georgia 's interim president , nino burjanadze , on wednesday that he backed her country 's independence and democratic and free-market reforms , the white house said  .
bush will welcome chinese premier wen jiabao to the white house december  for talks on a `` full range '' of bilateral issues , bush spokeswoman claire buchan said wednesday  .
us crude oil inventories fell sharply over the past week , but gasoline supplies were built up , according to government and industry data wednesday  .
ralf schumacher of the williams team clocked the fastest time in the second day of formula one testing here on wednesday  .
real madrid playmaker zinedine zidane says france will have a tough time defending their title as european champions at the euro  tournament in portugal  .
a un ` contact group ' on iraq set up by un secretary general kofi annan is to meet for the first time next monday , his spokesman said wednesday  .
european shares slipped lower wednesday after robust us data proved not enough to avert profit-taking on a jittery wall street on the eve of the thanksgiving holiday , dealers said  .
a batch of genetically-modified mice may have shown the way to thwarting one of the potentially fatal side effects of the club drug ecstasy , according to a study published thursday in the british scientific journal nature  .
the european parliament and european union member countries agreed wednesday to allow austria to partly continue a widely contested ban on heavy trucks  .
initial voter turnout has been slow for a key election wednesday to northern ireland 's local parliament which could determine the fate of the province 's  good friday peace deal , sources said  .
us-based chinese scholar gao zhan , once incarcerated in beijing on charges of spying for taiwan , admitted in a us court wednesday to illegally exporting sensitive us computer technology to china  .
burkina faso president blaise compaore announced wednesday `` new initiatives '' devised with his ivorian counterpart laurent gbagbo to wrest ivory coast from a -month political and military crisis  .
the white house on wednesday welcomed the un nuclear watchdog agency 's resolution on iranian nuclear activities , saying it showed the world 's `` serious concerns '' about tehran 's atomic ambitions  .
investigators wednesday cleared the un office on drugs and crime -lrb- unodc -rrb- of corruption charges raised by a former employee  .
the first global conference on wind energy held in africa ended wednesday with an appeal to rich countries to invest more resources into renewable energies like wind and solar power  .
williams formula one team are going back to the future in december by handing test drives to the sons of their former world champions nelson piquet and keke rosberg  .
british foreign secretary jack straw said wednesday the un nuclear watchdog agency 's resolution on iranian atomic activities was an `` important step forward `` in preventing nuclear proliferation  .
, a company owned by lebanese prime minister rafiq hariri , has acquired  percent of arab bank , the region 's most prestigious bank , for about  million dollars , they announced wednesday  .
celtic midfielder liam miller insisted on wednesday that he wants to commit his long term future to the scottish giants  .
british foreign secretary jack straw said wednesday the un nuclear watchdog agency 's resolution on iranian atomic activities was an `` important step forward '' in preventing nuclear proliferation  .
the european union has pledged  million dollars -lrb-  million euros -rrb- a year to help developing countries from  fight the damaging effects of climate change , italian officials said wednesday  .
monaco 's prince albert arrived in santiago wednesday afternoon for a three-day official visit at the start of a brief latin american tour  .
argentina has stepped up security checks around the country after several warnings that a terrorist attack could be staged in buenos aires , defense minister jose pampuro said wednesday  .
mexican president vicente fox has named enrique  the country 's new un ambassador , the foreign ministry said wednesday  .
the oakland athletics completed a deal that had been rumored for more than a week on wednesday , acquiring outfielder mark kotsay from the san diego padres for catcher ramon hernandez and outfielder terrence long  .
world oil prices gushed higher on wednesday after a weekly snapshot of us commercial crude oil inventories revealed an unexpectedly steep drop in supplies , analysts said  .
a group of us lawmakers have proposed dropping russia from meeting the world 's industrialised powers summit if it does not respect democracy  .
nato secretary general george robertson on wednesday warned the nationalist croatian democratic union -lrb- hdz -rrb- party , which won weekend elections in croatia that nationalism belonged in the past  .
a us soldier died from a non-combat-related gunshot wound wednesday in the mosul region of northern iraq , the us army said  .
us secretary of state colin powell has invited palestinian and israeli promoters of a peace plan called the `` voice of the people '' for talks in washington , the plan 's promoters said wednesday  .
the french athletics federation announced on wednesday that it had reduced middle distance runner fouad chouki 's ban for doping from two years to  months plus six months suspended  .
english premiership side saracens on wednesday completed the signing of springbok prop   from super  outfit the stormers  .
the united states said wednesday there were no immediate plans for secretary of state colin powell to meet the creators of two new alternative middle east plans  .
us shares ended with slim gains wednesday , ahead of the thanksgiving day holiday , as wall street showed a muted reaction to a  of robust economic data  .
georgia 's opposition leader mikhail saakashvili said wednesday there was unrest among part of the armed forces , who might be tempted to stage a military coup following the resignation of veteran president eduard shevardnadze  .
the caribbean island of grenada , which was invaded by a us force in  to topple a marxist government , will hold a general election on thursday  .
the united states and europe on wednesday both welcomed the agreement by the un 's nuclear watchdog agency to rebuke iran over its covert nuclear activities for the past  years without asking for un sanctions  .
israeli troops shot dead three palestinians near a jewish settlers ' road in the central gaza strip late wednesday , military officials said  .
the london-based foreign press  on wednesday named italian prime minister silvio berlusconi ``  of the year '' , with the second prize going to british defense secretary geoff hoon , the fpa said  .
uruguayan hitman diego forlan struck a late goal to lead manchester united into the last sixteen of the champions league here on wednesday as the english giants struggled to a dour - win over panathinaikos  .
a second-half goal from andrei shevchenko gave european champions ac milan a - win over ajax and spot in the last  of the champions league here on wednesday night  .
david beckham and ronaldo scored impressively as real madrid beat marseille - in the champions league here on wednesday to leave the french side out of contention for the knockout stage  .
the us st airborne division wednesday mourned two of its soldiers killed in a shooting ambush in iraq 's main northern city last week in which witnesses said they had their throats slit  .
superstar michael jackson will be formally charged on multiple counts of child molestation in mid-december , prosecutors said wednesday  .
the united states on wednesday said it would send thousands of extra marines to iraq as it battles insurgents who have taken a mounting toll on us troops  .
the united states on wednesday asked countries , especially russia , to be careful about helping iran with its nuclear program  .
a second-half goal from andrei shevchenko gave european champions ac milan a - win over ajax and spot in the last  of the champions league here on wednesday night  .
us shares ended with slim gains wednesday ahead of the thanksgiving day holiday , as wall street showed a muted reaction to a  of robust economic data  .
human rights watch on wednesday accused pro-government militia in ivory coast of killing and torturing civilians , despite the presence of international peacekeeping forces  .
two anti-globalisation protesters out of seven facing charges in greece of rioting during an eu summit in june left prison late wednesday more than four months after their arrest  .
the french government on wednesday welcomed the will of georgia 's new leadership `` to restart as soon as possible the democratic process '' in the former soviet republic , a spokesman for the foreign ministry said  .
a un ` contact group ' on iraq set up by un secretary general kofi annan is to meet for the first time next monday , his spokesman said wednesday  .
star rugby union winger rupeni caucaunibuca has quit his fiji national side in a bid to become an all black , the fiji rugby union -lrb- fru -rrb- said in a statement thursday in which they reacted angrily to the news  .
french middle distance runner fouad chouki has vowed to take his fight to clear his name to the courts after seeing his doping ban reduced from two years to  months plus six months suspended  .
british prime minister tony blair , who last month suffered a heart scare , saw a doctor wednesday after suffering stomach ache , his spokesman said  .
an explosion took place at the italian embassy in baghdad following a mortar or missile attack , italian rai public television reported early thursday  .
israel withdrew a united nations resolution on child victims of palestinian attacks , its first resolution ever presented to the general assembly , israeli ambassador to the united nations dan gillerman announced wednesday  .
an explosion caused by a missile or mortar shell shook the italian embassy in baghdad late wednesday , italian rai public television reported  .
share prices in tokyo opened marginally higher thursday with the nikkei- index gaining  .
moderate parties did better than expected in wednesday 's crucial poll for northern ireland 's local parliament , which could determine the future of the province 's peace process , a private exit poll said  .
the hits just keep on coming for the los angeles kings  .
organisers of glastonbury , the world 's biggest outdoor music festival , won approval late wednesday to host next year 's event at its customary venue -- a dairy farm in western england  .
irish prime minister bertie ahern was thursday set to hold talks with the prime ministers of european union member denmark and incoming member latvia as ireland prepares to take over the bloc 's presidency  .
lleyton hewitt was thursday handed the chance to give australia early ascendancy in the davis cup tennis final when he was drawn to face spain 's world no .
juan carlos ferrero in the opening singles rubber here on friday  .
israel on wednesday withdrew a united nations resolution on child victims of palestinian attacks , its first resolution ever presented to the general assembly  .
rangers manager alex mcleish was left cursing some schoolboy defending as the scottish giants lost - to vfb stuttgart and crashed out of the champions league here wednesday  .
travellers faced delays in australia thursday as pilots staged a go slow over the introduction of controversial air traffic control reforms they say will lead to a mid-air collision  .
us troops have announced the capture of two family members of saddam hussein 's deputy in the quickening hunt for alleged mastermind of anti-coalition violence , as the pentagon prepared fresh soldiers for duty in iraq  .
the bodies of two palestinians shot dead and one palestinian seriously wounded by israeli troops in the central gaza strip late wednesday were handed over to palestinian officials , palestinian and israeli sources said  .
hong kong gold prices opened higher thursday at  .
us dollars an ounce , compared to the previous day 's closing rate of  .
a parliamentary committee of inquiry in lithuania is expected on thursday to finalize a report into allegations that the office of president rolandas paksas has links with the mafia  .
the philippines peso dived to an all-time low thursday after a popular movie star , fernando poe , announced he would challenge president gloria arroyo in elections in may  year  .
the philippines peso dived to an all-time low thursday after a popular movie star , fernando poe , announced he would challenge president gloria arroyo in elections in may  year  .
hong kong share prices were slightly lower in opening trade thursday as market sentiment remained cautious after wall street eked out slight overnight gains , dealers said  .
the dollar slipped against the yen thursday on exporter selling but was stuck in a tight range as many investors were absent from the market due to the us thanksgiving holiday , dealers said  .
the australian government backed down on plans to reduce tariffs on textile imports from  thursday , giving the industry an extra five years and  million dollars -lrb-  million us -rrb- to minimize job losses  .
the united states should abandon reported plans to send uighur detainees currently held at guantanamo bay to china , where they are likely to face mistreatment and possibly torture , a new york-based rights group said thursday  .
australia unveiled on thursday new high-security passports featuring `` floating '' kangaroos and other  technology it said would help foil terrorists , people smugglers and other criminals  .
protesters opposing a  peace plan for moldova 's breakaway transdniestr region late wednesday clashed with the police as they tried to march towards the residence of moldovan president vladimir voronin in the capital chisinau  .
jakarta , nov  -lrb- afp -rrb- - a bombing and shooting heightened tensions in indonesia 's religiously-divided poso district during the eid al-fitr islamic holiday but no one was hurt , police said thursday  .
a total of  chinese were killed in blasts at fireworks plants in the first nine months of  , up  percent from the same period last year , state media reported thursday  .
spain have conferred with france , shock winners of the final here two years ago , to glean their winning formula as they prepare for friday 's davis cup final with australia at melbourne park  .
the philippines peso dived to an all-time low and share prices dropped nearly two percent thursday after a popular movie star announced he would challenge president gloria arroyo in polls in may  year  .
prosecutors on thursday raided an affiliate of hyundai motor , south korea 's top automaker , in a widening probe of illegal corporate donations to political parties , officials said  .
thai airways international was trading lower thursday after  .
million shares offered last week hit the market , dealers said  .
british rastafarian benjamin  on thursday publicly rejected an invitation to be honored by queen elizabeth ii for his services to literature , saying the award 's name reminded him of his ancestors ' `` brutal '' suffering at the hands of their white masters  .
a ,-year-old musical instrument has fetched more than one million dollars at a beijing auction , a new record in an expanding corner of the art market  .
detroit coach larry brown 's starting backcourt disappeared - along with his hopes of a triumphant return to philadelphia  .
indonesia 's human rights minister has complained that his own rights are being infringed because of his low salary , a report said thursday  .
australian prime minister john howard warned thursday that moves to readmit zimbabwe to the commonwealth at a group summit next week would undermine the movement 's credibility and set a `` dangerous precedent '' for other errant states  .
australia unveiled on thursday new high-security passports featuring `` floating '' kangaroos and other  technology it said would help foil terrorists , people smugglers and other criminals  .
percent lower thursday as a threat of a ratings downgrade by moody 's investors service compounded political concerns after movie star fernando poe jnr declared his candidacy for next year 's presidential polls , dealers said  .
percent in the three months to september on the back of a strong agriculture sector , president gloria arroyo said thursday  .
oil prices were flat in asian trade thursday following overnight gains dealers said  .
percent higher in morning trade on thursday , supported by a steady wall street performance , dealers said  .
the australian government introduced legislation thursday to give the country 's spy agency greater powers to interrogate terrorist suspects , just six months after the laws underwent significant tightening  .
the european union opened human rights talks with china thursday , with torture , the death penalty and political prisoners on the agenda , sources close to the discussions said  .
new zealand 's central bank is looking for ways to reini in the surging new zealand dollar , reserve bank governor alan bollard said thursday  .
leg-spinner stuart macgill and paceman jason gillespie were named in a -man australian team for next week 's opening cricket test against india in brisbane  .
percent easier thursday , lead by the banks shares and market heavyweight news corp .
as investors remained cautious ahead of the thanksgiving holiday in the united states , dealers said  .
three separatist rebels including a senior leader have surrendered to the army in the indonesian province of aceh , the military said thursday  .
suspected muslim rebels killed two policemen in indian kashmir overnight despite the ceasefire between indian and pakistani forces which came into effect a day earlier , police said thursday  .
percent thursday on the back of contract energy 's retreat , dealers said  .
percent lower thursday as a threat of a ratings downgrade by moody 's compounded political concerns after movie star fernando poe declared his candidacy for next year 's presidential polls , dealers said  .
percent thursday to close at the day 's low amid concerns at the possible chinese reaction to a referendum bill being put before parliament , dealers said  .
the dollar slipped against the yen thursday on exporter selling but was stuck in a tight range as many investors were absent from the market due to the us thanksgiving holiday , dealers said  .
japan 's biggest heavy machinery maker mitsubishi heavy industries ltd .
-lrb- mhi -rrb- said thursday it will invest some  million yen -lrb-  .
million dollars -rrb- in a spanish power project  .
a sudden asthma attack is likely to keep australian world and olympic m champion grant hackett out of the three-day world cup shortcourse meeting starting here on friday  .
percent easier thursday , lead by the banks and market heavyweight news corp .
as investors remained cautious ahead of the thanksgiving holiday in the united states , dealers said  .
at least  people were killed in road crashes as millions of bangladeshis traveled to celebrate the eid al-fitr feast with their families , the official bss news agency said thursday  .
percent easier on profit-taking thursday , with foreign investors largely sidelined ahead of the thanksgiving holiday in the united states , dealers said  .
south pacific police chiefs announced a coordinated effort thursday to prevent international criminals and terrorists from getting a foothold in the region , focussing on drug trafficking and the infiltration of terrorist groups  .
thailand 's government has been left red-faced after it was forced to abandon controversial education legislation that failed to win royal endorsement when it was found to be riddled with errors  .
china is dusting off an updated version of the cult of personality for the th anniversary of the birth of the late revolutionary mao zedong , with a new hip-hop song , films , books and concerts being prepared  .
percent thursday to close at the day 's low amid concerns at possible chinese reaction to a referendum bill being put before parliament , dealers said  .
a saudi newspaper published thursday gruesome pictures of some of the victims of the november  attack on the  residential compound in riyadh , which killed  people and wounded more than   .
prince harry , third in line to the british throne , posed for only his second official photo call thursday at a cattle station in the australian outback  .
south korea 's samsung electronics on thursday announced the development of the worlds largest tft-lcd panel for high-definition -lrb- hd -rrb- television  .
a corrupt taiwanese politician who fled the country last month after an election scandal was sentenced in his absence thursday to three-and-a-half years in prison for buying votes  .
left-arm seamer nathan bracken may force his way into the australian starting eleven for next week 's opening test against india based on his form this month on the sub-continent  .
two communist guerrillas were killed and four others were wounded in a gunbattle thursday with philippine troops in a province west of manila , the military said  .
bmw will launch its -series model , its second made-in-china car , this weekend amid booming sales of luxury sedans on the mainland , company chairman helmut panke said thursday  .
travellers faced delays in australia thursday as pilots called for a go slow over the introduction of controversial air traffic control reforms they say heighten the danger of mid-air collisions  .
the israeli army admitted thursday that three palestinians who were shot dead by soldiers late wednesday were unarmed , retracting an earlier statement which claimed the troops had killed two gunmen  .
a general of saddam hussein 's dissolved armed forces has died under interrogation by us forces , in a death that a us military statement thursday said `` appeared '' to be from natural causes  .
standard and poor 's on thursday raised its public information rating on the state-owned vietnam bank for agriculture and rural development -lrb- agribank -rrb-  .
australian opposition leader simon crean said he was considering his position thursday after being told his major backers had deserted him because he could not mount a credible challenge to prime minister john howard  .
pakistan thursday hailed the second day of an historic ceasefire with india along boundaries in disputed kashmir as `` a good beginning '' to the latest efforts at dialogue with its nuclear rival  .
the body of british consul general roger short was flown back to england early thursday on a military aircraft , a week after he was killed in one of the istanbul suicide bombings a foreign office official said  .
one of china 's biggest  drug cases began thursday with  defendants being tried in southern guangzhou city for manufacturing and trafficking some  .
tons of `` ice , '' state press said  .
an indian family convinced they would be infected with hiv by touching a relative who suffered aids tried to bury him alive hours before he died , a doctor said thursday  .
england soccer captain and fashion icon david beckham will collect an obe from the queen at buckingham palace on thursday  .
cambodia 's prime minister hun sen thursday softened his stance in a row over a lawsuit against an opposition party chief that is the latest impediment to four months of wrangling to form a government  .
argentina 's foreign minister rafael bielsa said thursday he hopes creditors will accept a debt restructuring plan and allow the country to get back on its feet  .
the british embassy in bulgaria was closed for security reasons on thursday morning as part of measures to protect britain 's missions in the region after the istanbul attacks , the bulgarian foreign ministry said  .
hong kong gold prices closed higher thursday at  .
us dollars an ounce compared with the previous day 's closing rate of  .
south africa 's -year-old full-back jaco van der westhuyzen is poised to sign for leicester tigers  .
at least three people have died in floods in central vietnam , less than a fortnight after torrential rains left more than  people dead , officials said thursday  .
several jewish settlement outposts in the west bank are about to be authorised by the israeli government , deputy defense minister zeev boim told army radio thursday  .
bangkok authorities on thursday warned the public to beware of puffer fish after three people were poisoned from eating the deadly meat  .
hong kong share prices closed slightly lower thursday in listless trade with many investors unwilling to take positions ahead of the us thanksgiving holiday , dealers said  .
england 's world cup winners have revealed the secret of their triumph down under -- tasty food that keeps them at the peak of fitness  .
jakarta , nov  -lrb- afp -rrb- - a bombing and shooting heightened tensions in indonesia 's religiously-divided poso district during this week 's eid al-fitr islamic holiday but no one was hurt , police said thursday  .
hong kong health officials warned the public on thursday that there could be further outbreaks of viral gastroenteritis which has already sickened hundreds of people in the city  .
tui , the world 's leading travel and tourism group , said thursday that it remained confident about the outlook for its tourism division , despite a decline in third-quarter earnings  .
a farmer was executed in northern vietnam for stabbing to death his father and younger brother following a dispute over family inheritance , state media said thursday  .
african leaders , including presidents paul kagame of rwanda and joseph kabila of the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- gathered in pretoria on thursday for a mini-summit to review the implementation of a peace deal signed last year to end one of africa 's most tangled wars  .
a mysterious metallic crushing noise has been heard by astronauts on the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- , a spokesman for russia 's space agency said on thursday  .
just five days after being praised for staging the most successful world cup ever , australian rugby union boss john o'neill is facing a backroom coup  .
the trial of three former rwandan officials charged with genocide and crimes against humanity in  opened on thursday before an international tribunal in neighbouring tanzania , the hirondelle news agency reported tuesday  .
more than  people drowned when a fishing boat capsized in bad weather late tuesday in lake  in the democratic republic of congo , the governor of the province said thursday  .
french manufacturers are becoming increasingly optimistic about business prospects in the country and their level of confidence is now at its highest since mid- , the statistics institue insee reported thursday  .
just five days after being praised for staging the most successful world cup ever , australian rugby union boss john o'neill is facing a backroom coup  .
india vowed thursday to push the fragile peace process with pakistan forward as islamabad hailed a ceasefire between the rival armies across the rugged kashmiri borders as a `` good beginning ''  .
a un human rights envoy arrived in cambodia thursday on a -day mission to assess the current rights situation in the kingdom , a un spokeswoman said  .
vietnam 's industrial output for the eleven months to november rose a sharp  .
percent , while foreign-invested companies outpaced even that rate of growth , official figures showed thursday  .
india 's ruling party said thursday that prime minister atal behari vajpayee was ready to talk with a rebel group in the northeastern state of assam blamed for killing  hindi-speaking settlers  .
long in perpetual fear of bullets , residents of this kashmir frontier town basked in the sun and paid leisurely visits to friends thursday as they rejoiced over a border truce between india and pakistan  .
taiwan 's economy continued to gain momentum in october with economic indicators flashing a `` green light '' steady growth rate for a fourth consecutive month and perhaps signalling `` slight overheating , '' official data showed thursday  .
growth of the euro-zone money supply , as measured by the broad indicator m , accelerated in october , data published by the european central bank showed on thursday  .
a rocket-propelled grenade slammed into the second floor of the italian embassy in baghdad late wednesday but failed to explode , italian diplomats said thursday  .
a family feud over control of hyundai group intensified thursday as the holding company 's chairwoman filed a counter suit to foil a possible hostile takeover by a close relative  .
several jewish settlement outposts in the west bank are about to be authorised by the israeli government , deputy defense minister zeev boim told army radio thursday  .
nigeria has recovered  million dollars in funds looted by late military dictator sani abacha and stashed in the british channel islands , finance minister ngozi okonjo-iweala said  .
brazil teenager nilmar is poised to join english premiership side chelsea for seven million dollars , his club internacional said wednesday  .
a parliamentary   said the draft report under consideration was based on an -point chronology of events , which showed that among other things paksas ' office leaked classified information to his main financial backer in his election campaign , who is accused of illegal arms trading with sudan  .
hong kong share prices closed slightly lower thursday giving up modest early gains as investors kept to the sidelines ahead of the closure of us markets for the thanksgiving holiday , dealers said  .
hooligans hurled paving stones and firebombs at a polling station in northern ireland late wednesday after polls closed in elections for a new provincial assembly , election officials said  .
mozambique 's former rebel renamo movement has won municipal elections in mozambique 's second largest city of beira , according to the country 's provincial elections commission  .
the german low-cost airline air berlin is in talks with aircraft makers airbus and boeing regarding a possible order for up to  new aircraft , the group 's chairman joachim  told the thursday edition of the financial times deutschland  .
the philippines in january will host  foreign ministers from east asia and latin america to boost cooperation between both regions , foreign secretary blas ople said thursday  .
the european stability and growth pact , a strict set of budget rules underpinning the euro , has been `` seriously damaged '' by a decision by eu finance ministers this week not to punish germany and france for flouting the rules , bundesbank president ernst welteke said on thursday  .
percent friday in quiet trading as many investors remained sidelined due to the eid al-fitr festival holidays , dealers said  .
afghanistan 's ousted taliban are fighting a losing battle , former us first lady senator hillary rodham clinton said thursday during a brief visit to afghanistan to spend thanksgiving with troops hunting remnants of the hardline militia  .
percent thursday in quiet trading as many investors remained sidelined due to the eid al-fitr festival holidays , dealers said  .
european stocks perked up in early trading on thursday as dealers took their cue from a late recovery on wall street overnight , but activity was subdued with us markets closed for thanksgiving day holiday  .
flag carrier cathay pacific thursday won the right to operate the high-profile london to new york route after three days of talks between the hong kong and british governments here , a report said  .
thai prostitutes and academics on thursday told a public forum that they strongly opposed legalising the nation 's sex industry , arguing it would increase child exploitation and lure more women to the trade  .
percent thursday , boosted by buying interest in communications and property stocks in volatile trade , analysts said  .
cathay pacific thursday won the right to operate the high-profile london to new york route , after three days of talks between the hong kong and british governments here , a report said  .
alongside burgeoning confidence among business leaders and investors , consumers in germany are also now beginning to feel a bit more optimistic as christmas approaches , a new survey showed on thursday  .
security is the biggest headache for the  athens olympics , international olympic committee chief jacques rogge said here thursday  .
sri lanka 's national carrier is to increase its flights to indian destinations from next month , taking advantage of a temporary open skies policy , the airline said thursday  .
rubber futures in singapore finished weaker thursday on smaller volumes , dealers said  .
eu economic affairs commissioner pedro solbes may take the row over the bloc 's tottering stability and growth pact to the european court of justice after eu ministers let france and germany off the hook for breaching deficit limits , the spanish daily expansion reported thursday  .
sophie gustafson , the first woman to compete in a japanese men 's tour event here , shot a two-over-par  to tie for th place in the first round of the casio open on thursday  .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon promised thursday to speed up the construction of the controversial west bank separation barrier , in spite of us opposition to the project  .
more than  people have drowned and hundreds more were reported missing after a boat accident on lake  in western democratic republic of congo , a regional official said thursday  .
british banking giant hsbc is donating one million dollars -lrb- , euros -rrb- to the families of staff killed or injured in last week 's double suicide bombing in istanbul , the company said  .
kevin keegan has confirmed that manchester city keeper david seaman will be fit to face groclin in their uefa cup clash in poland on thursday  .
taiwan 's economy continued to gain momentum in october with economic indicators flashing a ` green light ' steady growth rate for a fourth consecutive month and perhaps signalling `` slight overheating , '' official data showed thursday  .
hungarian prime minister peter medgyessy is to travel to russia friday for a two-day working visit during which he is to meet with president vladimir putin in saint petersburg , the kremlin announced  .
the world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- opened an asian forum on hivaids in manila thursday with a call to those suffering from the disease to provide peer support to new victims  .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon warned thursday that his government may take unilateral steps if palestinian premier ahmed qorei 's government failed to deliver on its commitments  .
the son of israeli prime minister ariel sharon was to take part in a two-day seminar with a key adviser to palestinian authority president yasser arafat and other top officials , beginning on thursday in london , a pro-israel lobbying group said  .
bosnia 's ethnically divided defense structure is `` schizophrenic '' and must be fixed quickly , outgoing nato secretary general george robertson said ahead of a visit to the war-torn balkan country  .
growth of the eurozone money supply , which the european central bank views as a key indicator of future inflation , accelerated in october , setting alarm bells ringing at the ecb , data showed on thursday  .
nine people , six of them islamic rebels , were killed in a day of bloodshed in indian kashmir , although a truce between the armies of india and pakistan across the kashmiri border was holding for a second day , police said thursday  .
nigeria liquefied natural gas ltd -lrb- nlng -rrb- said thursday it has signed a deal with a subsidiary of anglo-dutch oil giant shell to sell  .
million tons of gas per year to end users  .
cathay pacific airways on thursday won the right to operate the high-profile london to new york route after three days of talks between the hong kong and british governments  .
china signed over  million dollars in aid to cambodia on thursday to help rebuild a major highway and assist in the reconstruction of an economy devastated by years of civil war  .
percent thursday on fresh buying by foreign and domestic mutual funds in technology and sensex heavyweight stocks , dealers said  .
police arrested a -year-old man under britain 's terrorism act on thursday , then sealed off the neighborhood in which he lived to begin a thorough search of his house  .
the european union 's stability and growth pact underpinning europe 's single currency is not dead , french finance minister francis mer insisted thursday two days after france and germany flouted its strict public deficit rules  .
the asian development bank -lrb- adb -rrb- said thursday it will lend  million dollars to vietnam for a water infrastructure project in the south  .
the european union opened human rights talks with china thursday , with torture , the death penalty and political prisoners on the agenda amid claims that the dialogue has ben network said eu delegates would present beijing with a list of approximately  chinese , tibetan and uighur political prisoners it wants information on  .
nepalese industry expressed concern thursday for its famed but struggling pashmina trade after neighbouring india imposed a duty of  percent on its unfinished shawls  .
french smokers and tobacconists angry over government price hikes for cigarettes got a small reprieve thursday after the senate amended a bill to halve an increase scheduled for january   .
public prosecutors here said thursday they were investigating top executives of westlb in connection with the state-owned bank 's financing of  , the british television rental company , formerly known as radio rentals  .
the rector of a moscow university where a fire killed  students in a dormitory resigned on thursday , the itar-tass news agency said  .
formula one world champion michael schumacher is reportedly ready to pay  million swiss francs -lrb-  million euros ,  million dollars -rrb- for a lakeside mansion complete with an underground garage for  cars  .
french manufacturers are becoming increasingly optimistic about business prospects in the country and their level of confidence is now at its highest since mid- , the statistics institue insee reported thursday  .
the religious head of iraq 's shiite muslim majority , grand ayatollah ali sistani , wants full elections for all iraqi administrative and political bodies to be formed in the future , jalal talabani , chairman of the us-appointed governing council , said thursday  .
nato secretary general george robertson urged bosnia to fix its `` schizophrenic '' military thursday as he made his last visit to the war-torn country as head of the euro-atlantic alliance  .
cambodia 's king norodom sihanouk on thursday summoned the country 's three political parties to a palace meeting after four months of wrangling have failed to produce a working government , officials said  .
struggling russian giants spartak moscow have decided to go abroad for the first time by making italian nevio scala their new coach  .
the religious head of iraq 's shiite muslim majority , grand ayatollah ali sistani , wants full elections for all iraqi administrative and political bodies to be formed in the future , jalal talabani , chairman of the us-appointed governing council said thursday  .
england opener mark butcher warmed up for next week 's test series against sri lanka with an unbeaten century in a tour match at the colombo cricket club ground here on thursday  .
the european union 's stability and growth pact underpinning europe 's single currency is not dead , french finance minister francis mer insisted thursday two days after france and germany flouted its strict public deficit rules  .
the british embassy in the bulgarian capital was closed for several hours thursday while iron bars and concrete blocks were installed to protect it from the kind of suicide car attack which destroyed part of the british consulate in istanbul last week  .
a palestinian teenager who was shot by soldiers wednesday during an army operation near the southern west bank city of hebron died of his wounds , relatives and palestinian medical sources said  .
million shares offered in a partial privatisation last week hit the market  .
england captain martin johnson has ruled out leading the british and irish lions for a third time in new zealand in   .
india vowed thursday to push the fragile peace process with pakistan forward as islamabad hailed a ceasefire between the rival armies across the rugged kashmiri borders as a `` good beginning ''  .
percent thursday on fresh buying by foreign and domestic mutual funds in technology and other sensex heavyweight stocks , dealers said  .
ayatollah   , who as head of iran 's first revolutionary tribunals after the  birth of the islamic republic sent dozens if not hundreds of people to the gallows , died thursday at the age of  , state tv said  .
a -year-old turkish girl was been formally expelled from a state school in eastern france on thursday because of her refusal to take off her islamic headscarf , a representative for her family said  .
nine more suspects linked to the istanbul suicide attacks were sent thursday to the state security court , bringing to  the number of people detained and interrogated over the four bombings , cnn turk television reported  .
federal lawyers  the court to make him testify in person at the trial or to allow transcripts of his questioning to be used as evidence  .
oil prices barely budged in early trading here on thursday with most traders taking a breather because of thanksgiving day holiday in the united states  .
england soccer captain and fashion icon david beckham collected an obe from queen elizabeth at buckingham palace on thursday  .
sri lanka 's top tamil tiger leader velupillai prabhakaran thursday said his plan for an interim self-governing authority in the country 's embattled north and east was not a stepping stone for a separate state  .
world championship ice dance bronze medallists albena denkova and maxim  , '' spokesman constantinos  said  .
la fenice , venice 's venerable th century opera house , is due to reopen next month after a prolonged rebuilding program following a fire which gutted the building nearly eight years ago  .
world bronze medallists albena denkova and maxim staviski of bulgaria led the ice dance after the compulsory dance event thursday as the nhk trophy figure skating tournament opened here  .
eu external relations commissioner chris patten on thursday questioned whether the international community was presented with the `` unvarnished truth '' before the us-led invasion of iraq  .
amnesty international said thursday it had `` compelling evidence '' the sudanese government was mainly to blame for the violence devastating western sudan and warned the trouble could turn into a new civil war  .
turkish soccer fans were urged thursday to inundate european football 's governing body with phone calls , e-mails and faxes in protest at the decision to move three european cup ties out of the country  .
swedish insurance group skandia , already mired in controversy amid allegations of greed and mismanagement , was in hot water again thursday following press reports that it paid  executives bonuses totalling three billion kronor -lrb- about  million dollars ,  million euros -rrb-  .
lithuanian president rolandas paksas was facing an increasing threat of impeachment on thursday , as a parliamentary committee finalized its report into his office 's alleged links to the mafia  .
the european commission welcomed thursday proposals by the italian eu presidency to reduce member states ' right of veto in joint foreign policy , in talks on a future ein talks on the convention , away from a `` community '' -- or federal -- view and towards leaving key powers with national governments  .
pope john paul ii met the exiled tibetan spiritual leader the dalai lama at the vatican on wednesday for talks which focused exclusively on religion and did not broach tibet 's struggle for independence from china , the vatican said  .
doctors will see british prime minister tony blair again thursday after his second medical scare in as many months , a downing street spokesman said  .
a swedish football star was arrested after attacking a journalist in a stockholm nightclub in the early hours of thursday , police said , refusing to disclose the player 's identity  .
scientists in the united states say they have devised a new class of plastics that can be recycled at room temperature and reshaped at standard  , it would be a major step towards easing the problem of dumped plastic , a substance that can take decades to  , the authors hope  .
world bronze medallists maria petrova and alexei tikhonov led the pairs competition at the nhk trophy figure skating event thursday despite a mishap that forced them to grind to a halt midway through a program  .
south africa 's -year-old full-back jaco van der westhuyzen has signed for martin johnson 's english premiership side leicester tigers  .
the worldwide red cross federation on thursday launched its first ever fund to treat tens of thousands of staff and volunteers in red cross and red crescent societies worldwide who have aids , saying that too many deaths among its own people were hampering its ability to help others  .
the religious head of iraq 's shiite muslim majority , grand ayatollah ali sistani , wants immediate elections for all iraqi political and administrative bodies , jalal talabani , chairman of the us-appointed governing council , said thursday  .
switzerland 's postal service said thursday it would boost its help for father christmas to reply to the thousands of letters he receives around this time of the year from children asking for presents  .
brazilian midfielder edu has backed arsenal team-mate thierry henry 's nomination for world player of the year  .
nigeria has set up a  out of the country via the victim 's account  .
real madrid , through to the second phase of the champions league and top of the spanish table , will be without french star zinedine zidane for saturday 's trip to osasuna while england star david beckham is recovering from a twisted ankle , the club said thursday  .
danish unemployment hit a five-year high in october of  .
percent in september , the national statistics institute reported thursday  .
three people were killed and  were listed as missing after fallen rocks  a freight train heading to the capital kinshasa from the western town of matadi , transport authorities said thursday  .
eight people starved to death in the southern angolan region of benguela after torrential rains destroyed crops , the jornal de angola daily said thursday  .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon said thursday that some jewish settlement outposts in the west bank were of essential strategic value , hinting that israel had no intention of removing them  .
the rumors currently circulating of a big merger in the german banking sector are `` absurd '' , deutsche bank supervisory board chief and head of the bdb banking federation , rolf breuer , said on thursday  .
georgia 's parliament on thursday unanimously confirmed leading opposition figure zurab zhvania as minister of state , the second highest post in the government  .
croatian serbs said thursday they would not accept a ministry in the new government being formed by the nationalist croatian democratic union -lrb- hdz -rrb-  .
percent in october from the september figure , while growing  .
percent over the twelve month period , slovenia 's statistical office said on thursday  .
mass weddings for  couples were held thursday in this holy shiite city as a form of assistance to sons and daughters of those killed by the regime of toppled president saddam hussein , officials said  .
israel stuck to its tough line on settlement outposts  outposts were something `` to be discussed with the united states and not with the palestinians  .
georgia 's parliament on thursday unanimously confirmed leading opposition figure zurab zhvania as minister of state , the second highest post in the government , consolidating the opposition 's hold over the tumultuous caucasus state  .
sri lanka 's top tamil rebel leader said thursday his blueprint for peace was not a stepping stone to a separate state , but threatened secession if the government continued to deny rights to the tamil people  .
a judge in northern tajikistan has been arrested for allegedly extorting a ,-dollar -lrb- ,-euro -rrb- bribe from a witness he threatened to prosecute for perjury , court sources said thursday  .
south africa 's rugby board has  a week 's reprieve to springbok coach rudolf straeuli for his controversial training methods which included nude workouts before the world cup  .
former leaders from latin america gathered in this southwestern french town thursday to warn that their region risked becoming ungovernable because of increasing problems linked to the drug trade and corruption  .
the giant german metalworkers ' union ig metall , whose pay talks are traditionally used as a yardstick for other industrial sectors around the country , said thursday it will call for four-percent wage increases for the  .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi thursday had to postpone a trip to india suffering from a slight stomach bug , an official statement said  .
mozambique 's former rebel renamo movement has won municipal elections in the key port city of beira , in the center of the country , according to the country 's provincial elections commission  .
the  countries due to join the european union on may  next year began testing thousands of candidates on thursday for jobs as translators and secretaries  .
catalan and basque establishments have bagged the gastronomic honors in the  michelin guide to spain and portugal , maintaining all four three-star accolades in the new edition released thursday  .
the rumors currently circulating of a big merger in the german banking sector are `` absurd '' , deutsche bank supervisory board chief and head of the bdb banking federation , rolf breuer , said on thursday  .
india vowed thursday to strengthen a fragile peace process with pakistan as islamabad hailed a ceasefire between the rival armies across the kashmiri borders as a `` good beginning  .
georgia 's parliament on thursday unanimously confirmed leading opposition figure zurab zhvania as minister of state , the second highest post in the government , consolidating the opposition 's hold over the tumultuous caucasus state  .
bulgarian president  parvanov visited the vatican on thursday to formally thank pope john paul ii for absolving his country of involvement in the  attempt to assassinate him  .
eu foreign ministers gather in naples friday for a two-day `` conclave '' aimed at hammering out key remaining sticking points on the bloc 's first-ever constitution , barely two weeks before a brussels summit meant to finalize the historic text  .
a -year-old man arrested thursday in the west of england under britain 's terrorism act is suspected of links with osama bin laden 's al-qaeda network , home secretary david blunkett said  .
a helsinki court judge , who often rules in drunk driving cases , landed on the other side of the bench on thursday when she was charged with intoxication on the job , officals said  .
a german man who planted bombs in telephone booths , injuring several people , was sentenced to  years jail on thursday for attempted murder and extortion  .
ivorian president laurent gbagbo plans to address the nation thursday evening following recent meetings with regional leaders aimed at resolving the -month crisis crippling the world 's top cocoa producer  .
a bumper harvest of baby eels is forecast in the river loire , pleasing environmentalists who have struggled to clean the waters of the estuary and fishermen who charge around  euros -lrb-  dollars -rrb- a kilo for the gastronomic delicacy  .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon warned palestinians on thursday that israel 's patience had `` limits '' and that he would not hesitate to take `` unilateral measures '' to protect state security  .
the european commission announced thursday the introduction of an eu pet passport from next year required for domestic animals to travel between most countries in the european union  .
taiwan 's parliament thursday passed a controversial bill allowing referendums on constitutional amendments , despite warnings from china not to do so  .
the main ethnic serb political party in croatia said on thursday it would not accept a ministry in an incoming government led by nationalists  .
members of an international weapons convention were ready to agree on thursday that countries should clear up unexploded arms left behind by war in the territories they control , the united nations said  .
telecom italia said thursday it had agreed a partnership with samsung corp to develop services and products using wi-fi technology especially aimed at the italian , french , german and dutch markets  .
eu industry ministers voted thursday in favor of harmonising rules on takeovers , going against the recommendation of the european commission , an eu source said  .
taiwan 's parliament thursday passed a controversial bill allowing referendums on constitutional amendments , despite warnings from china not to do so  .
the italian government thursday went back on a decision to construct italy 's first nuclear waste repository in a town in the extreme south of the country , after massive local protests  .
france on thursday welcomed the establishment of a contact group on iraq set up by un chief kofi annan , saying it would go to `` reinforcing cooperation between partners '' on the strife-torn country under us occupation  .
a latvian university student returned home to the baltic state on thursday , telling of a three-month detention by us troops in iraq on suspicion of being one of the `` foreign fighters '' accused of carrying out deadly attacks on coalition forces  .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei announced thursday that his cabinet director would meet next week with the chief of staff of his israeli counterpart ariel sharon  .
the british embassy in the bulgarian capital was closed thursday morning while iron bars and concrete blocks were installed to protect it from the kind of suicide car attack that destroyed part of the british consulate in istanbul last week  .
official syrian radio denounced thursday the geneva initiative for peace in the middle east , describing it as an israeli `` maneuver '' that would not end the conflict in the region  .
thousands of students demonstrated across france thursday against proposed tertiary education reforms that would change degree standards and the way universities are run  .
the communist party , russia 's largest opposition party , quit an elections monitoring group on thursday and accused president vladimir putin of turning the campaign ahead of the december  parliamentary vote into a `` farce  .
five egyptian pilgrims were killed and  others wounded when their bus overturned in southern jordan en route back from a visit to holy sites in saudi arabia on thursday , state media reported here  .
british foreign secretary jack straw rejected as `` complete nonsense '' thursday suggestions that the recent rise in terrorist attacks was linked to the presence of british and american troops in iraq  .
the international red cross and european football 's governing body uefa have teamed up for a campaign to protect children in war which will be spearheaded by international referee pierluigi collina  .
russian prosecutors thursday launched another raid against the oil giant yukos while a case against one of its fallen billionaire shareholders was sent to court in a further blow to the floundering company  .
austrian chancellor wolfgang schuessel called here thursday for the european commission to draw up proposals for a `` new '' eurozone stability pact by next month  .
the european court of human rights on thursday criticised france for tying an elderly inmate awaiting surgery to his hospital bed with a chain , saying such treatment was inhumane and degrading  .
thousands of students in berlin protested against severe government budget cuts to city universities thursday , one of many demonstrations in germany over educational belt-tightening  .
vijay singh of fiji and american kenny perry birdied the th to tie for the lead after the first round of the sun city challenge in south africa thursday  .
the council of europe will resume talks next week on a lapsed ultimatum it issued to turkey to pay long-delayed compensation for depriving a greek cypriot woman of her property , a council spokesman said thursday  .
european stock markets closed mixed thursday , with the london ftse  index shedding  .
the communist party , russia 's largest opposition party , quit an elections monitoring group on thursday and accused president vladimir putin of turning the campaign ahead of the december  parliamentary vote into a `` farce  .
sinn fein president gerry adams , perhaps northern ireland 's best known political figure , retained his seat in the northern ireland assembly on thursday as vote counting continued  .
england world cup winning flanker richard hill will go straight back into action on sunday when he plays for saracens against rotherham  .
taiwan 's ruling democratic progressive party -lrb- dpp -rrb- angrily rejected as illegal a bill that for the first time allows referenda on the island , shortly after it was passed by parliament thursday  .
taiwan 's ruling democratic progressive party -lrb- dpp -rrb- angrily rejected as illegal a bill that for the first time allows referenda on the island , shortly after it was passed by parliament thursday  .
french customs officers this week seized five tonnes of cigarettes being smuggled from spain to britain aboard a truck pulled over for a roadside inspection , officials said thursday  .
bush went on a surprise visit to iraq on thursday to see us troops there , us media reports said  .
england coach sven-goran eriksson was on thursday offered a four-year extension to his contract which would keep him in charge until   .
while the political deadlock gripping northern ireland 's legislature is frustrating for locals , members of the assembly will have their woes assuaged by being paid large sums for doing nothing  .
the european court of human rights on thursday condemned poland for the illegal detention of two libyan nationals who were held for more than a month in a transit zone at warsaw airport  .
bush went on a secret visit to iraq on thursday to see us troops there , us media reported  .
the council of europe agreed thursday to boost next year 's budget for the european court of human rights by nearly  percent compared to  to  .
british prime minister tony blair and his irish counterpart bertie ahern will meet in wales on friday to review this week 's northern ireland election , downing street said thursday  .
manchester city crashed out of the uefa cup here on thursday when they were held to a - draw by polish outsiders groclin in the second leg of their second round clash  .
the un war crimes tribunal for rwanda was asked thursday to summon rwandan president paul kagame to testify on the assassination of his predecessor juvenal habyarimana , the event that precipitated the genocide of   .
a swedish high school student out for a stroll in the woods with his mother earlier this year found a  , cleopatra 's gem of choice that is rarely found in northern europe , the boy 's mum told afp on thursday  .
heavy fog late thursday forced the cancellation of dozens of flights at paris 's charles de gaulle airport and caused up to one hour delays for virtually all remaining take-offs and landings , airport officials said  .
the dollar celebrated thursday 's thanksgiving day holiday in the united states with gains against the euro and yen , although dollar sentiment remained negative , analysts said  .
bush made a thanksgiving visit to under fire troops in baghdad on thursday under the greatest secrecy  .
namibian agricultural authorities announced thursday the suspension of beef and mutton exports to the european union after veterinarians found `` shortcomings '' during an inspection of abattoirs last week  .
nato secretary general george robertson on thursday urged bosnia to fix its `` schizophrenic '' military and arrest war crimes fugitives as he made his last visit here as head of the euro-atlantic alliance  .
the world 's number one golfer tiger woods has proposed to his girlfriend , swedish model elin nordegren , at a picturesque south african game reserve , state television reported thursday  .
liverpool goalkeeper jerzy dudek has revealed the english giants have a very special fan - pope john paul ii  .
ireland 's prime minister bertie ahern said thursday he expected progress to be made during his country 's presidency of the european union next year on a border treaty between eu member-to-be latvia and its neighbor russia  .
bush braved the threat from ground-to-air missiles over baghdad on thursday to fly in to eat a thanksgiving dinner with troops on a visit organized under the greatest secrecy  .
eu anti-fraud investigators said thursday they have found no proof that eu funds may have been channelled to the palestinian al-aqsa martyrs brigades militant group  .
european stock markets closed mixed thursday in thin , directionless trade due to the thanksgiving day holiday in the united states  .
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld and secretary of state colin powell will brief nato counterparts on a planned overhaul of its troop levels worldwide in brussels next week , a senior official said thursday  .
michael jackson 's new single , the  `` one more chance '' , was at number five in the british charts thursday despite child molestation charges against the troubled pop star  .
david trimble , the nobel peace laureate who led the northern ireland power-sharing assembly until it was suspended last year , was re-elected thursday to the province 's legislature  .
galatasary 's champions league clash against juventus , which was postponed because of the recent terror attacks in turkey , will now be played at borussia dortmund 's  in germany on tuesday , december  , uefa announced on thursday  .
secretary of state colin powell welcomed a new middle east peace plan to be unveiled in geneva monday but maintained washington 's tough stance against palestinian leader yasser arafat , saying the united states does not find him to be a `` responsible partner for peace  .
galatasary 's champions league clash against juventus , which was postponed because of the recent terror attacks in turkey , will now be played at borussia dortmund 's  in germany on tuesday , december  , uefa announced on thursday  .
israeli opposition leader and former prime minister shimon peres urged his country on thursday to make peace with the palestinians , calling for compromise and saying that `` violence will lead us nowhere  .
liberia 's warring factions quit a disarmament meeting thursday over demands for posts in the transitional government aimed at returning peace to the west african state after two successive civil wars , the united nations said  .
bush braved the threat from ground-to-air missiles over baghdad on thursday to fly in to eat an emotional thanksgiving dinner with  troops on a visit organized under the greatest secrecy  .
security was stepped up thursday at the british and us embassies in sofia , although bulgarian officials said the moves were not related to any direct threats of `` terrorist '' attack  .
the trial of a police officer accused of killing a french journalist in the ivorian economic capital abidjan is to open in early december , a local judicial source said thursday  .
manchester city crashed out of the uefa cup here on thursday when they were held to a - draw by polish outsiders groclin in the second leg of their second round clash  .
bush made a secret thanksgiving visit to iraq on thursday , defying the threat from ground-to-air missiles and vowing to astonished us troops that the coalition would prevail over insurgents  .
a yemeni official denied thursday a kuwaiti press report that saddam hussein 's wife and her youngest daughter were in sanaa , but confirmed that the duo had been invited to take refuge in the country  .
the un-backed war crimes court for sierra leone said thursday that child soldiers who fought in the decade-long civil war in the west african state will not be tried for crimes against humanity  .
bush 's secret trip to iraq began wednesday night when he stole from his texas ranch under cover of darkness in an unmarked car  .
germany 's oldest christmas market , the dresden  , opened thursday in the eastern city for the th time  .
ivory coast president laurent gbagbo is due to travel to former colonial power france on december  for high-level meetings , a source close to the ivorian presidency said thursday  .
bush braved the threat from anti-aircraft missiles over baghdad on thursday to fly in for an emotional thanksgiving dinner with  troops on a visit organized under the greatest secrecy  .
the following is the text of us president george w .
bush 's speech to troops during a surprise visit to the baghdad airport  .
tunisian doctors said on thursday they feared for the life of rights lawyer radia nasraoui , who has been on hunger strike for nearly two months to protest against police harassment  .
heavyweight cypriot construction firm  said thursday it was taking legal action against the cyprus government over its decision to negotiate with a british-led consortium to operate larnaca and paphos airports  .
the czech government will ask president vaclav klaus to recall the country 's ambassador to kuwait for criticizing a decision to close down a czech military hospital in iraq , ct television said thursday  .
heavy fog late forced the cancellation thursday of dozens of flights in and out of paris 's charles de gaulle airport and caused delays of up to one hour for virtually all other take-offs and landings , airport officials said  .
us troops invited to thanksgiving dinner at the huge us military base at baghdad airport thursday were kept in suspense until the last minute about the secret visit by their commander-in-chief  .
bush 's thursday two and a half hour visit to baghdad , the first by a us president , was one of the most secretive missions ever by a us leader  .
turkish authorities charged two people thursday in connection with the istanbul suicide attacks , bringing to  the number of people charged and held in custody , anatolia news agency reported  .
haiti 's government is reportedly considering legal action against the us makers of a popular , but violent video-game that encourages users to kill haitians , haiti 's  newspaper said thursday  .
england world cup winner jonny wilkinson has been given two weeks off and wo n't return to action until december  when his newcastle side take on spain 's valladolid in the european challenge  .
christoph gruber led an austrian sweep of the top three in the men 's world cup downhill training run here on thursday  .
an ontario judge on thursday halted the removal of a suspected terrorist , with alleged links to the al-qaeda terror network , to syria , according to the detainee 's legal team  .
former german international lothar matthaeus brushed aside his partizan belgrade team 's exit from the champions league by getting married , the daily politika reported in its friday issue  .
british police on thursday busted a colombian drug cartel that smuggled drugs worth some  million pounds -lrb-  million euros ,  .
billion dollars -rrb- into britain over a four-year period , and arrested  suspects , police said  .
newcastle ensured their uefa cup story was far from finished with a - second leg second round win over swiss side basel here on thursday  .
hearts saw their hopes of making the third round of the uefa cup shattered here on thursday when bordeaux staged a smash-and-grab raid and went back to france with a - win  .
christoph gruber led an austrian sweep of the top three in the men 's world cup downhill training run here on thursday  .
in an unprecedented move , french foreign minister dominique de villepin late on thursday addressed hundreds of french diplomats about their first ever planned strike in protest at cost-cutting  .
a fresh injury scare for michael owen marred liverpool 's advance to the third round of the uefa cup here on thursday  .
australia 's embattled labor opposition leader simon crean announced his resignation friday after support for his leadership collapsed mid deep despair in the party over its prospects of winning an election due next year  .
share prices in tokyo opened lower friday with the nikkei- index losing  .
supporters of rival left and right parties disputing el salvador 's upcoming presidential election clashed thursday leaving nine people injured , a party official said  .
four people were killed and six others were wounded when armed men attacked a matchmaking ceremony in the southern philippine island of mindanao , the military said friday  .
a bird believed to have been believed extinct for over a century has been found alive and warbling in fiji , a bird group said here friday  .
osasuna have a habit of making life uncomfortable for the big guns of spanish football and they are looking to add real madrid to their list of scalps on saturday  .
england world cup winning flanker richard hill will go straight back into action on sunday when he plays for saracens against rotherham but  jonny wilkinson has been handed a two-week rest  .
bush vowed to us troops in iraq that the coalition would prevail over insurgents in a thanksgiving visit to the country during a top secret mission that defied threats from ground-to-air missiles  .
british police were questioning an al-qaeda suspect friday , reportedly on links to `` shoe-bomber '' richard reid , after explosives were found in his west england home  .
some  nobel peace prize laureates , including mikhail gorbachev and the dalai lama , are due friday to attend the fourth nobel prize summit for three days of debate on the problems in today 's world  .
the appointment of a new leader has boosted britain 's main opposition conservatives who have taken a lead in an opinion poll , according to a survey released on friday  .
five people led by a suspected senior al-qaeda operative were arrested late thursday by italian anti-terror police on suspicion of having recruited suicide attackers for strikes in iraq , the milan prosecutors office said  .
bush was headed back to the united states after braving the threat of missiles over baghdad to join  troops for an emotional thanksgiving dinner in iraq , in a trip arranged under strict secrecy  .
hong kong gold prices opened lower on friday at  .
us dollars an ounce compared to the previous day 's closing rate of  .
percent higher in opening trade friday on selective bargain hunting , dealers said  .
nicaragua 's supreme court on thursday brushed off us concerns about the release from prison here of former president arnoldo aleman after washington had said the release appeared to be politically motivated  .
australian olympic champion and world record holder grant hackett withdrew from the first day of the world cup shortcourse meet here friday after collapsing at a preliminary event earlier this week  .
south korea industrial output picked up further in october to beat expectations as continued strong exports more than offset slow domestic consumption and investment , the government said friday  .
nestle korea and its union on friday reached an accord on ending a prolonged strike ,  papering over differences on key issues including lay-offs and payment for striking workers  .
a us soldier died from a gunshot wound he received while in barracks in the flashpoint western iraqi town of ramadi , the coalition press office said late thursday  .
the asian development bank has approved a  million dollar loan to ease road traffic in the ancient chinese capital of xi'an , an adb statement said friday  .
percent friday morning on news that japan 's jobless rate worsened in october and industrial output showed a  gain , dealers said  .
vietnam will issue next month durable , polymer banknotes made in australia in a bid to make life harder for counterfeiters , state media announced friday  .
chinese automaker , great wall motor , will use  million yuan -lrb-  million dollars of the proceeds from a public listing in hong kong to build a new production plant in central china , chairman wei jianjun said friday  .
the new national party led by prime minister keith mitchell was narrowly returned to power in elections thursday in the english-speaking caribbean island of grenada  .
australia will spend an extra  million dollars -lrb-  .
million us -rrb- upgrading security at  embassies worldwide to safeguard against terrorist attacks , foreign minister alexander downer said friday  .
swedish superstar annika sorenstam continues her historic season saturday when she becomes the first woman to compete in the skins game  .
lleyton hewitt put australia one-up in the davis cup tennis final with a come-from-behind five-set win over spanish number one juan carlos ferrero at melbourne park here on friday  .
percent lower on friday as investors continued on the defense amid political uncertainties ahead of the presidential elections in may , dealers said  .
china 's state-media said friday the passage of a `` watered down '' bill on referendums in taiwan was a `` great defeat '' for the island 's president , chen shui-bian , while analysts said a pending crisis had been postponed  .
percent higher in morning trade on friday buoyed by investor optimism ahead of the release of anticipated strong third quarter gdp data later in the day , dealers said  .
british police were questioning an al-qaeda suspect friday , reportedly on links to `` shoe-bomber '' richard reid , after explosives were found in his west england home  .
a chinese couple have been sentenced to death for the murder of  women who had been lured with offers of jobs , the state-run xinhua news agency reported friday  .
indonesia 's military said friday it has killed two more separatist rebels in aceh province , including a man described as a guerrilla intelligence agent  .
the australian stock market closed flat friday as investors were reluctant to take any positions after us markets were closed overnight for the thanksgiving holiday , dealers said  .
a small town has banned children from sitting on santa 's knee because organisers fear liability if anything goes wrong , organisers said friday  .
a small town has banned children from sitting on santa 's knee because organisers fear liability if anything goes wrong , organisers said friday  .
percent lower on friday as investors continued on the defensive amid political uncertainties ahead of the presidential elections in may , dealers said  .
percent higher friday on a technical rebound after some of the  surrounding taiwan 's referendum bill were removed , dealers said  .
south korea 's appeal court friday upheld the conviction of a former aide to ex-president kim dae-jung for a secret  million dollar payment to entice north korea to a historic summit  .
percent higher friday , recovering after disappointing results from top retailer the warehouse , dealers said  .
taiwan 's leading conglomerate formosa plastics group is planning to invest  .
billion us -rrb- to develop an industrial complex in the island 's north , a government official said friday  .
the australian stock market closed flat friday as investors were reluctant to take any positions after us markets were closed overnight for the thanksgiving holiday , dealers said  .
south korea 's appeal court friday upheld the conviction of a former aide to ex-president kim dae-jung for a secret  million dollar payment to entice north korea to a historic summit  .
percent higher friday , with sentiment boosted by positive industrial output data for october in the absence of any lead from wall street , dealers said  .
two militants were gunned down by security forces friday as they tried to cross from the pakistani zone of kashmir to the indian side , police said  .
volkswagen ag said friday it is planning to export  units of its polo model made at its joint venture in shanghai to australia to gauge international reaction to chinese-made cars  .
a man sent to a hospital here after slashing his own throat during a hostage incident opened fire with a pistol snatched from a policeman , wounding two , local media reported friday  .
percent higher friday on a technical rebound after some of the  surrounding taiwan 's plans to hold a referendum on key issues were removed , dealers said  .
prince abdullah bin abdul aziz , the heir to the throne of saudi arabia , on thursday called us president george w .
bush for a telephone conversation on the situation in iraq , the official saudi news agency spa said  .
a senior hong kong police officer has been found guilty of misconduct in public office after accepting free sexual services from prostitutes , a court official said friday  .
lawyers for an australian man accused of murdering a british tourist in  said he was innocent friday but claimed media vilification risked preventing a fair trial  .
prime minister helen clark said friday she would rally support for commonwealth secretary-general don mckinnon when he seeks a second term at next month 's summit meeting  .
apia , nov  - samoa will send  police officers to liberia to serve as united nations peacekeepers there , acting commissioner of police    said thursday  .
bush was headed back to the united states friday after braving the threat of missiles over baghdad to join  troops for an emotional thanksgiving dinner in iraq , in a trip arranged under strict secrecy  .
three-time former world champions italy defeated the united states as they posted their eighth win against one loss in the world cup men 's volleyball tournament on friday  .
standard and poor 's on friday upgraded the credit ratings of hynix semiconductor with the ailing south korean company 's non-memory unit reportedly being sold to us banking giant citigroup  .
east timorese government officials are not above the law , president xanana gusmao reminded them during a speech marking the young country 's short-lived independence declaration  years ago  .
percent higher friday , with sentiment boosted by positive industrial output data in the absence of any leads from wall street , dealers said  .
percent higher friday on bargain-hunting after sharp falls the day before , but trading was rangebound as many investors stayed on the sidelines ahead of the weekend , dealers said  .
england striker michael owen had a thigh scan friday to see if he could play in sunday 's premiership game against birmingham  .
wallabies hooker brendan cannon received some consolation for australia 's narrow rugby world cup loss to england when he was awarded the rugby medal for excellence by his peers friday  .
two miners were killed after a tunnel collapsed , trapping them inside a tin mine in vietnam 's central province of nghe an , police said friday  .
veteran springbok winger breyton paulse has taken a swipe at the controversial `` boot camp '' the national team were put through before the rugby world cup , saying at one stage he nearly cracked up  .
vladivostok ,  by the tigers : the vast primorye region , where around  are believed to survive  .
the unemployment rate in france was stable in october compared to september at  .
percent of the work force , the labor ministry reported friday  .
at least  people were feared drowned after a boat with at least  passengers on board collided head-on with a steamer in the eastern indian state of bihar , police said friday  .
percent in november from october and were up  .
percent from november  , the national statistics institute istat reported here friday  .
percent higher friday as investors snapped up blue chips across the board amid optimism over third quarter gdp figures to be announced after the market close , dealers said  .
south korean industrial output rose more than expected in october , official data showed friday in further evidence the country 's economy is headed for a recovery  .
hong kong 's economy recorded strong growth of  .
percent in the third quarter from a year earlier due to a revival in consumer confidence and a surge in tourist arrivals following sars , official data showed friday  .
cathay pacific shares were higher friday on news that the carrier had won the right to operate the high-profile  york route after days of talks between the hong kong and british governments  .
indian cricket captain sourav ganguly friday rejected claims he backed out of a deal with victorian state coach david hookes before the tourists ' opening clash in melbourne  .
budapest , nov  -lrb- af -rrb- - hungary 's central bank on friday raised the benchmark interest rate by  basis points , from  .
percent , the central bank 's monetary council said  .
sri lanka president 's party friday said it was still studying a tamil rebel warning of separation unless majority sinhalese politicians ended their bitter power struggle and revived a norwegian-backed peace bid  .
hungary 's central bank on friday raised the benchmark interest rate by  basis points , from  .
percent , the central bank 's monetary council said  .
russian president vladimir putin will meet his armenian counterpart robert kocharian in russia 's second city of saint petersburg on sunday , the kremlin announced  .
china 's state-media on friday called the passage of a `` watered down '' bill on referendums in rival taiwan a `` great defeat '' for the island 's president , chen shui-bian , while analysts said a pending crisis had been postponed  .
pakistan 's president pervez musharraf spoke to us president george w .
bush by phone and told a visiting us lawmakers delegation that recent peace moves would lead to a dialogue with india , an official statement said friday  .
a kenyan high court judge on friday ordered the release of two suspects charged with murder over last november 's bombing of an israeli-owned hotel in mombasa , a year to the day after the attack which killed  people  .
hungary 's central bank on friday raised the benchmark interest rate by  basis points , from  .
percent , the central bank 's monetary council said in a communique  .
bulgarian duo albena denkova and maxim staviski , the world bronze medallists , kept their lead at the nhk trophy figure-skating tournament here friday despite losing out to rivals in the original dance section  .
the european union and seven other countries have agreed to delay the adoption of a wto ruling against us steel tariffs , in a possible sign that washington is preparing to drop the measures and avoid retaliatory sanctions , officials indicated on friday  .
china said friday it was `` gravely concerned '' about a referendum bill passed by the taiwan legislature which could potentially pave the way for a plebiscite on the island 's relation to the mainland  .
percent higher friday as investors snapped up blue chips across the board amid optimism over third quarter gdp figures to be announced after the market close , dealers said  .
an irish soldier serving with the un peacekeeping force in the west african state of liberia has been killed in a traffic accident , the irish government said on friday  .
finland 's   won the women 's km world cup nordic skiing race here on friday  .
the international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- is aiming to have a worldwide doping policy in place before the champions ' trophy tournament in england next september , icc chief executive malcolm speed said here friday  .
the ruling social democrats of gibraltar 's chief minister peter caruana won a third successive term in general elections in the tiny british colony , official results showed friday  .
percent friday as investor interest centered on second board stocks and speculative issues , dealers said  .
the euro climbed to a new all-time high against the dollar on friday , reaching  .
china said friday it was `` gravely concerned '' about a referendum bill passed by the taiwan legislature which could potentially pave the way for a plebiscite on the island 's relation to the mainland  .
percent friday as investor interest centered on second board stocks and speculative issues , dealers said  .
nigerian president olusegun obasanjo has set up a panel to seek a solution to the problems of the oil-rich niger delta region , which is plagued by piracy and ethnic violence  .
the  cricket scandal in india took a dramatic twist on friday when a civil court allowed the suspended abhijit kale to resume his playing career  .
european stock markets were mostly lower in early trading on friday in the absence of any lead from wall street because of thanksgiving day holiday  .
the european commission filed a lawsuit before the european court of justice this week for failing to take back state aid granted to the embattled computer firm bull , the court said friday  .
australian stocks are expected to gain ground next week as the market rides the coat tails of a pre-christmas rally on wall street , dealers said friday  .
the completion of a merger between russian oil giant yukos and its smaller rival sibneft , expected to have been reached friday , has been suspended , the two companies announced  .
south korea 's stock market is likely to be mixed in the week ahead , as sentiment boosted by expectations for an economic recovery is under pressure from ailing credit card firms , analysts said friday  .
percent friday bolstered by buying in bluechips in the energy and petrochemical sectors , analysts said  .
the first ever set of guidelines for specifically diagnosing and treating glaucoma in asians has been developed , a leading eye doctor said friday , in a move medics hope will prevent millions being blinded by the debilitating eye disease  .
bush was back in the united states early friday after braving the threat of missiles over baghdad to join  troops for an emotional thanksgiving dinner in iraq , in a trip arranged under strict secrecy  .
the euro climbed to a new all-time high against the dollar on friday as concerns about the large us current account deficit returned to haunt the us unit  .
european  metres champion dwain chambers is unlikely to take up the offer of a plea bargain in order to escape a doping ban  .
china said friday it was `` gravely concerned '' about a referendum bill passed by arch rival taiwan , and  of die-hard separatist members may still take advantage of the legal mechanism to provoke the mainland and trigger tension in bilateral relations , '' liu  , director of the taiwan research institute at xiamen university , was quoted as saying  .
australian paceman andy bichel warmed up friday for next week 's first test against india in brisbane with a four-wicket sheffield shield haul for queensland against south australia  .
taiwan shares are expected to undergo rangebound consolidation next week as foreign institutional investors take to the sidelines ahead of the christmas holidays , dealers said friday  .
taiwan 's president chen shui-bian said friday the passage of a referendum bill allowing votes on controversial issues was a `` historic '' result of his party 's push for democracy  .
police searched a second address friday in gloucester , in the west of england , a day after they arrested a -year-old man with suspected links to osama bin laden 's al-qaeda network  .
us oil major conocophillips said friday output at a newly tapped oil field off the coast of vietnam was greater than had been anticipated after a month of operations  .
a spokesman for russia 's yukos oil company suggested friday that it was sibneft that broke off the merger between the two companies planned to have been completed later in the day  .
finland 's   won the women 's km world cup nordic skiing race here on friday  .
eu external affairs commissioner chris patten friday urged india to boost trade by lowering tariffs , saying indian consumers would benefit from competitive prices and greater choice  .
german finance minister hans eichel called friday on the european commission to rethink its strategy on deficits , after a row over the suspension of eurozone deficit rules in favor of france and germany  .
french rugby 's financial watchdog has refused to endorse wales world cup captain colin charvis ' move to second division tarbes  .
gordon strachan said friday he would not be leaving southampton for leeds united  .
german lawmakers friday approved the government 's proposed budget for  , which foresees a deficit of nearly  billion euros -lrb-  billion dollars -rrb- , but it may be delayed by an opposition blockade  .
pakistan 's president pervez musharraf spoke to former us president bill clinton by phone and told a visiting ust of the taliban , giving airspace , intelligence and air bases to us forces operating in afghanistan and rounding up over  al-qaeda suspects  .
the hilton group will open a hotel of the luxury conrad brand overlooking tokyo bay in  , adding to competition among japanese and foreign hotel chains in the capital , a property developer said friday  .
the consumer finance unit of french carmaker psa peugeot citroen has received permission from chinese banking authorities to set up shop in in beijing , the company said friday  .
england head coach clive woodward denied friday he was to make a formal protest to the international rugby board over south african andre watson 's refereeing of last saturday 's world cup final against australia  .
flamboyant batsman barney rogers will replace opener trevor gripper in the zimbabwe side to play west indies for the fourth of five one-day internationals at harare sports club saturday  .
russian oil firm sibneft denied friday that it had unilaterally pulled out of a merger with its bigger rival yukos , insisting that major shareholders in both companies had approved the decision  .
england head coach clive woodward denied friday he was to make a formal protest to the international rugby board over south african andre watson 's refereeing of last saturday 's world cup final against australia  .
malaysian share prices may trade rangebound next week as investors return to the bourse after it fell  .
percent in the holiday shortened week just ended , analysts said friday  .
england go into next week 's opening cricket test against sri lanka with their confidence high after gaining the upper hand in a drawn tour match here on friday  .
- the european commission is preparing to ask electricite de france -lrb- edf -rrb- to repay  million euros -lrb-  .
billion dollars -rrb- received in tax breaks from the french state , a spokesman said friday  .
britain will turn down any draft european union constitution that eliminates the power of a member state to veto eu foreign policy decisions , foreign secretary jack straw reiterated friday  .
an alleged important member of osama bin laden 's al-qaeda network was arrested early friday in northern germany at the request of italian prosecutors , german police said  .
italian prosecutors on friday confirmed they had issued arrest warrants for five suspected al-qaeda activists -- including an alleged kingpin who was reported to have been detained in germany -- but said they were taking legal action over leaks concerning the case  .
unions calling for the first ever worldwide strike by french diplomats said friday that they expect a big turn-out on december  , with at least  embassies and consulates closing for the day  .
a french woman gave birth to a baby girl in a car traveling at  miles per hour -lrb-  kilometres per hour -rrb- as her husband raced to get her to hospital , a newspaper in brittany reported friday  .
beijing authorities friday unveiled a hotline to help it stay alert about public health dangers such as aids and sars , as the chinese capital prepared a slew of activities to mark world aids day  .
former us first lady senator hillary rodham clinton arrived in baghdad friday hot on the heels of a lightning stealth visit by us president george w .
bush for a thanksgiving dinner with us troops , a senior coalition official said  .
representatives of  countries on friday adopted a protocol aimed at forcing governments to clear up unexploded weapons left behind after conflicts around the world , diplomats said  .
mexico on friday was facing the possibility of a general strike after tens of thousands of disgruntled workers held a massive demonstration to reject president vicente fox 's proposed energy sector reforms  .
the thai stock market is expected to gain further in the next week 's trading boosted by strong momentum from moody 's latest credit upgrading , analysts said friday  .
negotiators from cambodia 's top three political parties who have been squabbling over forming a government for months met friday after being summoned to the palace by king norodom sihanouk  .
the prime minister of the somalia transitional national government -lrb- tng -rrb- , osman jama ali ,   .
for the first time since  , sweden 's centre-right opposition enjoys more public support than prime minister goeran persson 's social democrats and his left-wing allies , a poll published on friday showed  .
the european commission is preparing to ask electricite de france -lrb- edf -rrb- to repay  million euros -lrb-  .
billion dollars -rrb- received in tax breaks from the french state , a spokesman said friday  .
japanese consumer electronics giant sony said friday it will launch its popular playstation game console in china in a few weeks  .
the economic and business climate in the eurozone and the european union as a whole warmed in november , pointing to an economic recovery in the fourth quarter , the european commission said friday  .
germany 's first postwar leader looks poised to beat the likes of illustrious compatriots goethe , luther and einstein in a national poll concluding friday to find the greatest german in history  .
two us and one afghan soldier were slightly wounded in a gun battle with militants in northeast afghanistan , a us military spokesman said friday  .
asian bourses lacked direction friday after wall street was closed for a public holiday , although positive economic data in some markets sent their stocks higher  .
elena liashenko of the ukraine overcame a tumble to grab the women 's lead at the nhk trophy figure skating tournament here on friday  .
european and chinese delegates wrapped up talks on human rights friday , concluding the two-day dialogue with a visit to an aids treatment center in beijing , officials said  .
trading sentiment in the indian markets will remain at fever pitch and will not be dampened by key state elections next week , dealers said friday  .
the first people to fly around the world in a hot air balloon , bertrand piccard and brian jones , announced friday that they would try to repeat the non-stop journey with a solar-powered aircraft  .
greece has not seen any fresh statistics for the last two months as , employees of greece 's state-run national statistics service -lrb- esye -rrb- continue their walkout , which began at the end of september  .
two mainland chinese reptile experts friday kicked off their quest to capture hong kong 's runaway crocodile which has so far eluded the clutches of an aussie hunter and government officials  .
breaking out the champagne did n't just make the danish branch chief of german budget supermarket chain aldi tipsy , it knocked him right out of his job , danish financial daily boersen reported friday  .
over , school teachers friday rang school bells as they marched to demand better wages and compensation for families of teachers killed by maoist rebels , their union said  .
a bulgarian businessman and four accomplices were sentenced to life in prison friday for the  murder of former prime minister andrei lukanov  .
former us first lady senator hillary rodham clinton arrived in baghdad friday hot on the heels of a lightning stealth visit by us president george w .
bush for a thanksgiving dinner with us troops , officials said  .
ivorian president laurent gbagbo was due to arrive in the malian capital bamako on friday for talks with counterpart amadou toumani toure expected to focus on ivory coast 's -month crisis , whose economic repercussions have been felt by all its west african neighbors  .
cambodia 's squabbling political parties agreed during a meeting called by king norodom sihanouk friday to push on with talks aimed at forming a government more than four months after national polls , a party leader said  .
oil prices showed little movement in lethargic trading here on friday because of the closure of the new york market  .
four people were killed in kashmir friday , three of them rebels shot dead along the de facto border with pakistan by indian troops , while the region 's army chief said a ceasefire between the rival militaries was holding  .
italian and german police friday arrested three north africans as part of a massive anti-terrorism dragnet reportedly connected with terrorist attacks in iraq  .
football star turned actor vinnie jones was charged by police friday over an alleged air rage incident while flying to tokyo in june  .
bush 's national security adviser denied friday that the secrecy and security surrounding his trip to baghdad showed that the united states has made no progress in iraq  .
around , demonstrators are expected in the southern dutch town of maastricht sunday ahead of the osce ministerial meeting to protest against the us led war on terrorism , organisers said friday  .
dna tests have confirmed that all-american hero and aviator charles lindbergh fathered three illegitimate children in germany , their spokesman said friday  .
a famous chinese coal-mining town has started sinking because of  of the black gold , affecting nearly , residents whose houses are on increasingly shaky ground , state media said friday  .
nato chief george robertson said friday he hopes shortfalls in resources needed to expand a nato-led force in afghanistan will be filled soon , but warned he may have to press governments over the issue at talks in brussels next week  .
a total of , chinese fishermen will lose their jobs over the next seven years as the government seeks to limit fish catches in order to preserve offshore fishery resources , state media said friday  .
maria petrova and alexei tikhonov of russia overcame a bout of food poisoning and a torn costume to win the pairs crown at the nhk trophy figure skating event here on friday  .
boca juniors clinched the argentine championship with a - away win over arsenal on thursday to add the domestic title to the south american libertadores cup they won earlier this year  .
bush 's two-and-a-half-hour visit to baghdad thursday , the first by a us president , was one of the most secretive missions ever by a us leader  .
tottenham have received a double dose of bad news after it emerged on friday that  duo frederic kanoute and christian ziege have had their respective returns from injury put back  .
germany 's newspapers launched a coordinated attack friday against a growing practice of politicians and industry chiefs to censor interviews , denouncing the habit as `` control mania  .
interpol arrest warrants have been re-issued against seven maoist party leaders , a home ministry spokesman told afp friday  .
spanish foreign minister ana palacio stuck to a hard line friday at talks on the eu 's first constitution , rejecting as `` unacceptable '' provisions that would dilute her country 's voting rights  .
interpol arrest warrants have been re-issued against seven maoist party leaders , a home ministry spokesman told afp friday  .
a us soldier was killed friday in a mortar attack on a base in the north of iraq as hundreds of iraqis marched through the center of baghdad to protest against the violence plaguing the country 's reconstruction  .
at least  people were killed and  injured when their bus crashed into a ditch in northwest pakistan , an official said on friday  .
aston villa 's marcus allback is backing strike partner darius vassell to finally open his premiership account for this season with a goal in saturday 's home clash with southampton  .
tottenham have received a double dose of bad news after it emerged on friday that  duo frederic kanoute and christian ziege have had their respective returns from injury put back  .
the spanish government has protested to canberra over a major gaffe when the wrong spanish national anthem was played before the start of the davis cup tennis final in melbourne on friday  .
the sudanese government and sudan people 's liberation army -lrb- spla -rrb- rebels on friday signed an agreement extending an ongoing ceasefire by two months , a senior mediator said  .
bulgarian foreign minister solomon passi believes there is a role to play in the democratisation of afghanistan and iraq for the organisation for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- , which bulgaria will head next year  .
paul gascoigne has admitted defeat in his bid to make a comeback to top flight football with wolverhampton  .
the indian state of west bengal on friday banned the latest book by feminist bangladeshi writer taslima nasreen , saying its circulation could trigger religious unrest  .
swedish forward andreas andersson admitted friday that he was the football star arrested in a stockholm nightclub earlier this week for punching a journalist in the face  .
ministers from kenya , tanzania and uganda are expected to adopt a draft on a customs union in the northern town of arusha on friday evening , an east african community -lrb- eac -rrb- official said  .
a draft bill drawn up by the british government to give the police more powers to deal with threats by extremists came under fire from a parliamentary commission on friday  .
police in the troubled comoros islands have detained five people as part of an investigation into an alleged putsch attempt apparently involving some of the archipelago 's most senior politicians  .
senior police sources said friday the security ring around the  athens olympic venues will involve state-of-the art metal fencing instead of cement walls , as media reports suggested  .
pakistan repeated its request for dialogue with india on friday as the ceasefire between their armies in kashmir held for a third day  .
wall street opened mixed friday as a tumbling dollar weighed on stocks at the start of an abbreviated post-thanksgiving day trading session  .
a sharp thunderstorm saw play suspended friday afternoon during the second round of the sun city challenge in south africa , sending players scuttling for cover  .
one of india 's most wanted men , abu salem , was sentenced friday to four and a half years in prison by a portuguese court for using forged documents and resisting arrest  .
canada 's deputy prime minister and finance minister john manley announced friday he was quitting politics  .
an israeli minister demanded the dismantlement of `` many '' jewish settlements on palestinian territory to boost the ailing middle east  in the gaza strip and the west bank be relocated inside israel , in the negev desert and the galilee region  .
ivory coast 's former rebels said friday they were poised to decide whether to rejoin the unity government , set up to restore peace in the west african nation , but remained silent about whether they would disarm , as called for by president laurent gbagbo  .
canada 's deputy prime minister and finance minister john manley announced friday he was quitting politics  .
the danish supreme court on friday unanimously ruled against  inuit hunters and their families who were forced off their land in  to allow for the expansion of a us military base in thule  .
the palestinian authority could adopt the unofficial geneva initiative if it gains support from other key players in middle east peace talks , one of its representatives abroad said on friday  .
police in germany and italy friday arrested three north africans suspected of recruiting suicide bombers to carry out attacks in iraq  .
in a further boost for south asian peace hopes , the leaders of india and pakistan edged closer to dialogue friday as a ceasefire between their armies in disputed kashmir held for a third day  .
nine people have been killed and an italian missionary wounded in rebel attacks in northern uganda in the past two days , church and army sources said on friday  .
fifa boss sepp blatter on friday praised the iraq football team and german coach bernd stange for their spirit and courage in qualifying for next year 's asian cup  .
president jacques chirac of france had lunch with his bulgarian counterpart georgy parvanov friday , during which he reiterated french support for bulgaria 's entry to the eu in  , his spokeswoman said  .
police in the troubled comoros islands have detained five people as part of an investigation into an alleged coup attempt apparently involving some of the archipelago 's most senior politicians  .
a fire engulfed a section of the headquarters of india 's million-plus army in new delhi friday but was extinguished with no casualties , a fire department spokesman said  .
nigeria 's naira continued to fall against major trading currencies this week as the effects of fuel price deregulation and pre-christmas shopping took their toll , traders said  .
police combed through more sites friday in gloucester , in the west of england , a day after they arrested a -year-old man with suspected links to al-qaeda and convicted `` shoe bomber '' richard reid  .
england striker michael owen will be out of action for the next three weeks after picking up an injury in thursday 's uefa cup win over steaua bucharest  .
england striker michael owen will be out of action for the next three weeks after picking up an injury in thursday 's uefa cup win over steaua bucharest  .
india and italy signed friday a pact to cement ties in science and technology , officials said  .
european stock markets closed mixed friday , with the london ftse  index falling  .
nigerian stocks , hit by two-day public holidays this week fell , lowering the all-share index from previous , .
un secretary general kofi annan on friday said israel 's controversial west bank security barrier is a setback for the peace process that is seriously harming the palestinian people  .
prime minister-designate paul martin , who is due to take office on december  , promised friday more open government , stronger emphasis on ethics in government and the offer of a key diplomatic post to a former rival for the country 's top political job  .
organizers of the lake louise world cup alpine races canceled friday 's downhill training run after a heavy snowfall blanketed the course overnight  .
the sudanese government and sudan people 's liberation army -lrb- spla -rrb- rebels on friday signed an agreement extending an ongoing ceasefire by two months , two days before peace talks resume in kenya , a senior mediator said  .
the european union condemned friday rights abuses in zimbabwe and the use of force against its people , urging harare to talk to the political opposition to resolve the crisis in the southern african country  .
barcelona 's argentina international javier saviola was robbed in his car after two vehicles forced him to stop as he was going to training early on friday , a barcelona club source said  .
the international federation of red cross and red crescent societies friday denounced the use of humanitarian aid for political means , warning that the agency needed to change to cope with new challenges such as growing violence and extremism  .
american kenny perry birdied the par-four closing hole to snatch a one-stroke lead friday at the halfway mark of the sun city challenge , where  of the world 's top players are chasing a  .
three kenyans implicated in last year 's bombing of an israeli-owned hotel in mombasa were on friday charged with conspiracy to bomb the us embassy in nairobi between november  and june this year , court documents said  .
leading ethiopian and kenyan athletes are to join some , ethiopian and foreign runners on sunday in a race to create awareness on hivaids in ethiopia , the event 's coordinator richard  told a press conference in addis ababa  .
turkmenistan clinched the last qualifying place available for the  asian cup finals with a - draw against syria here on friday  .
scott skiles , who twice guided the phoenix suns into the national basketball association playoffs , was named the new coach of the chicago bulls here friday  .
opponents of venezuelan president hugo chavez kicked off a petition drive on friday in yet another bid to force him from office  .
banca intesa , italy 's leading bank , said friday it had accepted an offer from french bank credit agricole to acquire its sudameris subsidiary in uruguay  .
gay seniors at two swedish high schools will be allowed to dance together at their graduation ball next summer , a local newspaper reported friday  .
some  ancient egyptian antiquities , including two mummies , seized in switzerland at the end of august , were officially given back to egypt on friday , the swiss justice ministry said  .
investors in the london stock market will be hoping for some breathing space from the eurozone and british central banks when they meet next week to set interest rates  .
us stocks scored modest gains friday as positive sentiment about the holiday season helped investors shake off concerns about the flagging dollar  .
employees of italy 's national air carrier alitalia staged a four-hour strike on friday , grounding  flights and stranding , passengers , airport officials in rome and milan said  .
strasbourg fans turning up for the home game against bastia on december  are to be served up a traditional alsatian dish of pea soup and sausages , their club president announced friday  .
britain will resume limited visa services in turkey next monday , but at its embassy in ankara rather than the consulate in istanbul which came under a deadly bomb attack last week , the embassy said  .
plans to give michael jackson 's new video its world premiere friday on british television were dropped at the last minute after his recording company sony said it was not yet ready  .
the euro was off day highs in late trade friday , falling off its record perch above  .
dollars amid a bout of profit taking , dealers said  .
cyprus central bank governor christodoulos christodoulou warned friday that cypriot property prices were increasing at an alarming rate and advised commercial banks to be extra vigilant when approving housing loans  .
an argentine lawyer has condemned fifa president sepp blatter over comments he made about carlos tevez and his boca juniors club , judicial sources said here on friday  .
banca intesa , italy 's leading bank , said friday it had accepted an offer from french bank credit agricole to acquire its banking activities in uruguay for a symbolic one dollar -lrb-  euro cents -rrb-  .
the swedish army said friday it was preparing to send about  soldiers to liberia early next year to participate in the united nations ' largest peace effort ever  .
a us soldier was killed friday in a mortar attack on a base in northern iraq as hundreds of iraqis marched through the center of baghdad to protest against the violence plaguing the country 's reconstruction  .
banca intesa , italy 's leading bank , said friday it had accepted an offer from french bank credit agricole to acquire its banking activities in uruguay for a symbolic one dollar -lrb-  euro cents -rrb-  .
the united nations mission and nato-led peacekeepers in kosovo have increased security after receiving a warning about an unspecified threat , an official said friday  .
eduard shevardnadze , who last weekend resigned as president of georgia amid unprecedented protests , laid part of the blame for his overthrow at the feet of us groups in an interview late friday  .
finland 's matti hautamaeki won the season-opening world cup ski jump here on friday ahead of poland 's adam malysz  .
a crisis that erupted this week over french and german defiance of european union budget rules cast a shadow over talks here friday intended to thrash out the bloc 's first constitution  .
former american first lady senator hillary rodham clinton visited baghdad friday hot on the heels of a lightning stealth visit by us president george w .
bush , cautioning that washington still faced a `` big challenge '' in the country  .
us stocks ended little changed friday in quiet trading as positive sentiment about the holiday season helped investors shake off concerns about the flagging dollar  .
european stock markets drifted friday as wall street managed a modest post-thanksgiving rally , with little news about for direction and a record surge in the euro weighing on  stocks  .
eu foreign ministers were unable friday to break months of deadlock over inserting a mention of the eu 's christian roots into a new constitution , in the first of two days of talks here  .
the police presence will be tripled for marseille 's crunch match against arch-rivals paris saint germain at the velodrome stadium on sunday night , the riviera club said on friday  .
tanzanian president benjamin mkapa is to record his monthly  to nation in zurich clinic , switzerland , where he recently underwent hip surgery , a state house spokeswoman said friday  .
the head of the nazi-hunting simon wiesenthal center accused the prosecutor 's office in the baltic state of latvia on friday of putting pressure on a woman who informed on someone suspected of committing crimes during the holocaust  .
russia 's deputy prime minister viktor khristenko on friday urged the former soviet republic of azerbaijan to increase the volume of oil it exports from its caspian sea fields through russian territory  .
tyre giant michelin denied friday it was preparing to step in and help rescue next year 's french grand prix  .
organizers reported violence at some recall centers here friday as opponents of venezuelan president hugo chavez kicked off a petition drive in yet another bid to force him from office  .
percent in november from the previous month , and  .
percent from  months ago , slovenia 's statistical office reported on friday  .
british police were holding a -year-old man after his arrest under anti-terrorism legislation at his home in birmingham , central england , scotland yard said friday  .
fresh from his surprise trip to baghdad , us president george w .
bush sought to soothe the `` separation and worry '' of families with relatives in iraq with sunny news from the conflict  .
french automaker renault sees `` sharply higher '' full-year net profit in  , thanks to strong contributions from its stakes in nissan and volvo , renault chief executive officer louis schweitzer said in an interview to be published saturday  .
croatian center bruno sundov was placed on the national basketball association injured list here friday by the cleveland cavaliers with a bruised right knee  .
the dollar took a beating friday , allowing the euro to briefly surge to a new all-time high above  .
dollars before profit-taking took down the single currency a notch  .
boston celtics center raef lafrentz , out for two weeks with right knee tendinitis , was activated here friday by the national basketball association club  .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei will meet top us envoy william burns on saturday in amman , his first meeting with a senior us official since taking office , his bureau chief hassan abu  said  .
prime minister jean chretien leaves ottawa next wednesday for a tour to nigeria and france , his final overseas tour before he steps down as prime minister on december   .
legendary boxer muhammad ali boosted leipzig 's bid for the  olympic games while on a tour of the country promoting his book goat -lrb- greatest of all time -rrb-  .
speculation that chelsea may have michael ballack in their sights has prompted bayern munich manager uli hoeness to insist the player 's going nowhere  .
a -strong israeli military convoy friday night staged an incursion into  , a palestinian town southwest of jenin , in the northern west bank , said palestinian security sources  .
arizona pitcher curt schilling has another day to decide whether or not he wants to join the boston red sox  .
the us-led coalition ruling iraq on friday strongly denied a report that american troops had killed two young iraqi sisters near baqubah ,  kilometres -lrb-  miles -rrb- north of baghdad  .
carlos tevez has withdrawn his court action in which he was trying to get legal backing for his bid to put club before country following criticism from fifa president sepp blatter , media reported here on friday  .
dallas forward danny fortson received a three-game suspension from the national basketball association on friday after a flagrant foul that led to a broken right wrist for phoenix forward zarko   .
atlanta thrashers forward marc savard was issued a one-game suspension by the national hockey league here friday after trying to bite toronto 's darcy tucker in a game thursday at toronto  .
a good feeling about the holiday season appears to be giving a lift to wall street despite some concerns about an overvalued market that may be ripe for a fall  .
sweden 's anja paerson won the world cup giant slalom here on friday , the second women 's race of the  calendar , ahead of austria 's nicole hosp and denise karbon of italy  .
ian paisley , whose party took the most seats in northern ireland 's legislative polls on friday , is the most uncompromising -- and loudest -- advocate for the british province 's hardline protestant community  .
brazil seeks greater trade with libya , especially large construction contracts , the foreign ministry said wednesday after president luiz inacio lula da silva 's tour of five arab countries  .
the hardline protestant democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- , which opposes the  good friday peace accords , friday won northern ireland 's legislative elections , casting doubt over the peace process ' future  .
venezuelan president hugo chavez announced friday he would run in  elections -- and lead venezuela `` until  '' -- as chavez opponents kicked off a petition drive in yet another bid to force him from office  .
the macedonian parliament gave a green light on friday for sending of a new group of macedonian soldiers to replace troops already serving with the us-led coalition in iraq  .
australian wildlife officers were struggling to keep alive a sperm whale saturday that was the sole survivor of the second mass whale beaching in australia in a week  .
vandals desecrated a jewish cemetery in argentina , near the ``  '' area that us officials suspect is a haven for terrorists connected with al-qaeda , a jewish leader said friday  .
sir alex ferguson 's new-found willingness to recognize chelsea as serious title rivals could have been predicted with a glance at the bench during wednesday 's champions league match with panathinaikos  .
sir alex ferguson 's new-found willingness to recognize chelsea as serious title rivals could have been predicted with a glance at the bench during wednesday 's champions league match with panathinaikos  .
portugal 's world cup-winning brazilian coach luis felipe scolari has singled out the netherlands as the team to avoid during the european championship finals next summer  .
portugal 's world cup-winning brazilian coach luis felipe scolari has singled out the netherlands as the team to avoid during the european championship finals next summer  .
portugal are building seven new stadia and completely renovating three others ahead of the  european championship finals which they host from june  to july   .
the majority of london-based newspapers saturday predicted a bleak future for northern ireland 's peace process after a protestant party opposed to the province 's  good friday peace accords won the most seats in belfast 's power-sharing assembly  .
a us soldier was killed in a mortar attack on a base in northern iraq , as senator hillary rodham clinton visited us troops in baghdad on the heels of a surprise visit by us president george w .
big-money sponsors saturday threw their weight behind new zealand 's all blacks rugby side despite the teams defeat in the semi-finals of the rugby world cup  .
voters in the central zimbabwe town of kadoma go to the polls saturday for a two-day parliamentary by-election in another test of strength between president robert mugabe and the opposition  .
argentina eased over korea - in the first match of the th womens champions trophy field hockey tournament here today  .
human rights groups saturday slammed vietnam 's decision to reduce the prison sentences of three  as a cynical move to hide other human rights violations  .
two elderly vietnamese women died and four other people were injured in an arson attack in ho chi minh city following a family row , state media said saturday  .
star pitcher curt schilling joined the boston red sox here on friday , agreeing to a five-player deal that puts the -year-old right-hander at the heart of an epic major league baseball rivalry  .
detroit red wings right wing tomas holmstrom of sweden will be sidelined indefinitely with a dislocated right shoulder , the national hockey league team announced friday  .
sri lanka 's beleaguered government saturday rejected a power-sharing arrangement offered by a hostile president deepening a bitter power struggle plaguing the embattled nation  .
taiwan president chen shui-bian saturday unveiled plans to hold a referendum to `` safeguard the country 's sovereignty '' on election day following the passage of a plebiscite law that has angered rival china  .
the united states and vietnam will sign next month a landmark agreement to allow direct passenger and cargo flights between the two former military foes , state media said saturday  .
a sharp-tongued veteran politician has become the new leader of a key political party in south korea at a time when the country is roiled by an illegal funding of politicians scandal  .
world champions brazil outgunned the united states for a th straight win in the world cup men 's volleyball tournament on saturday to become the first team to qualify for the athens olympic games next year  .
world silver medallist timothy goebel of the united states led the men 's event at the nhk trophy figure skating competition saturday , edging closer to his second grand prix series gold  .
new zealand captain chris cairns won the toss and elected to bat in the first of five one-day internationals against pakistan at gaddafi stadium here on saturday  .
president gloria arroyo on saturday , warned speculators against putting pressure on the philippine peso , stressing that the government had the tools to defend the unit  .
australia cruised to a straight sets victory in the doubles over spain here saturday to take a - tie lead heading into sunday 's reverse singles  .
sydney , nov  -lrb- afp -rrb- fourth ranking china caused an early upset in the womens champions trophy field hockey tournament here today defeating second ranked netherlands -  .
palestinian president yasser arafat has launched a series of appeals to western leaders to relaunch the stalled middle east peace process , one of his aides said  .
kobe bryant and gary payton each scored  points and karl malone achieved only the fourth `` triple double '' of his career here friday as the los angeles lakers beat san antonio -  .
world champions brazil outgunned the united states for a th straight win in the world cup men 's volleyball tournament on saturday to become the first team to qualify for the athens olympic games next year  .
percent of the world 's cars , china now clocks up  percent of global deaths on the roads , state media reported saturday quoting ministry of public safety figures  .
north korea saturday demanded compensation from the united states for suspending a deal to build two nuclear power plants , state media reported , quoting the official north korean newspaper rodong sinmun  .
kobe bryant and gary payton each scored  points and karl malone achieved only the fourth `` triple double '' of his career here friday as the los angeles lakers beat san antonio -  .
police in indonesia 's aceh province said saturday they have arrested a man suspected of involvement in the bombing of a jakarta shopping plaza two years ago  .
iran said saturday that it was standing firmly behind its own candidate for secretary general of the oil cartel opec and warned that it would not vote for any other  .
china has asked its farmers to prepare for a european union ban of  agricultural chemicals which would be barred in europe from december  next year , the official china daily reported saturday  .
voting has started in a key by-election in the central zimbabwean town of kadoma , an electoral official told afp saturday  .
germany 's first postwar leader beat his illustrious compatriots goethe , luther , marx and einstein in a nationwide poll to find the greatest german in history  .
venezuelan president hugo chavez announced he would run for another six-year term in  elections , as his opponents kicked off a petition drive in yet another bid to force him from office  .
north korea saturday demanded compensation from the united states for suspending a deal to build two nuclear power plants , state media reported , quoting the official north korean newspaper rodong sinmun  .
australian prime minister john howard on saturday refused to back down on his position that zimbabwe should remain suspended from the commonwealth after the african country 's president robert mugabe accused him of a vendetta  .
european union external relations commissioner chris patten saturday said he was not trying to replace norway in brokering peace between the sri lankan government and tamil tiger rebels  .
olympic champions serbia and montenegro and former world champions italy booked their places in the athens olympics next year in quite a different style at the world cup men 's volleyball on saturday  .
brazil 's president luiz inacio lula da silva will meet with palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei on december  in cairo , the foreign ministry here said friday  .
four eu countries , britain , ireland , netherlands and sweden , are to grant ethiopia  .
million dollars -rrb- to finance education projects , the ethiopian news agency -lrb- ena -rrb- reported saturday  .
australian wildlife officers said saturday that a sperm whale which was the sole survivor of the second mass whale beaching in australia in a week appeared unharmed by the ordeal  .
bulgarian ice dancers albena denkova and maxim staviski , the world bronze medallists , won the nhk trophy on saturday , bagging their second gold in the isu grand prix series  .
at least five people were killed and dozen more wounded saturday in a string of attacks by tribal separatists in india 's restive northeastern state of assam , officials said  .
mexican authorities have arrested three iraqi nationals accused of smuggling central americans to the united states through mexico , officials here said  .
china saturday said it would sever diplomatic ties with the pacific island of kiribati , where it had a space tracking station , after the island formally recognized taiwan , the official xinhua news agency reported  .
a row between state-owned pakistan television -lrb- ptv -rrb- and the private geo channel saturday blocked the live coverage of the one-day cricket international here between pakistan and new zealand  .
olympic champions serbia and montenegro and former world champions italy booked their places in the athens olympics next year in quite a different style at the world cup men 's volleyball on saturday  .
indian prime minister atal behari vajpayee on saturday announced an ambitious -billion-dollar ports project and invited the european union to invest in the venture  .
arsenal manager arsene wenger said his troops will have come off their champions league cloud nine and be focused for the visit of hardy travellers fulham on sunday  .
australian leisel jones set her second shortcourse world record in as many days with a time of two minutes  .
seconds to win the  metres breaststroke at the world cup meet here on saturday  .
russia could ease travel with a georgian region opposed to this month 's overthrow of president eduard shevardnadze , but still supports georgia 's territorial integrity , russian foreign minister igor ivanov said saturday  .
nepal 's most senior civil servant , chief secretary bimal prasad koirala , said the high profit in corruption , which has encouraged graft in the country  .
the european union saturday welcomed the recent ceasefire between india and pakistan on the de facto border in disputed kashmir and expressed hope the move would lead to dialogue to resolve the vexed problem  .
captain chris cairns hit a fiery  off just  balls to lift new zealand to a strong position in the first day-night one-day international against pakistan at gaddafi stadium on saturday  .
a senior delegation from the rebel sudan people 's liberation movementarmy -lrb- splma -rrb- will travel to khartoum in the next few days for the first such visit since civil war broke out in  , reports said saturday  .
france hooker raphael ibanez has announced his international retirement here on saturday  .
south african leaders called on the world saturday to unite in the fight against aids on saturday , as famous music stars prepared to perform at a concert in cape town to raise money to fight the disease  .
france hooker raphael ibanez has announced his international retirement here on saturday  .
prime minister atal behari vajpayee said western countries should not buckle to labor union demands to block the relocation of jobs to india because the move resulted in huge cost savings for european and american firms  .
sri lankan cricket chief thilanga sumathipala saturday denied he was in hiding following an order from the state attorney general for his arrest ahead of a home test series against england  .
a man suspected of giving the order that triggered the devastating bomb attack on the beth israel synagogue in turkey 's commercial capital istanbul was taken to the scene of the blast on saturday for a police reconstruction  .
west indies opening batsman chris gayle blew the opening zimbabwe seam attack apart in the fourth of a five-match one-day series at the harare sports club here saturday  .
on the richter scale jolted  town in iran 's southern fars province overnight , wrecking several houses , but causing no casualties , the state irna news agency said saturday  .
israel rejected on saturday un secretary general kofi annan 's condemnation of the security barrier the jewish state is building in the west bank , saying it was necessary until the palestinians put an end to attacks  .
authorities in the gulf emirate of dubai have closed down  massage parlors in the last two years in an attempted crackdown on a thriving illegal sex trade , a local official said saturday  .
two iraqis were seriously wounded in separate explosions north of baghdad , police and relatives said saturday  .
liverpool ` keeper chris kirkland says gerard houllier 's side must transfer their form in the uefa cup to their own back yard when they take on birmingham in a premiership encounter on sunday  .
a top yukos shareholder has learned the kremlin was apparently behind the abrupt halt of the oil giant 's merger with another major , sibneft , the kommersant business daily reported saturday  .
police have arrested an al-qaeda activist who worked with mohammad hamdi  , a top figure in the yemeni branch of the terror network who was himself detained last week , a security official said saturday  .
estonia 's world km champion kristina smigun won the women 's pursuit here saturday to claim her second world cup win in a row following her km freestyle victory last week  .
springbok wing   has won three of south africa 's top rugby awards , including player of the year , local media reported on saturday  .
iran will provide the un 's atomic watchdog with all the information it requires by february , the country 's top nuclear official said saturday , repeating a pledge to soon sign an additional protocol to the non-proliferation treaty -lrb- npt -rrb-  .
a hardline islamic militant group saturday slammed this week 's ceasefire between india and pakistan on the de facto border in disputed kashmir , saying it is only benefiting new delhi  .
georgia 's breakaway region of abkhazia is determined to stay independent irrespective of the recent overthrow of georgian president eduard shevardnadze but is ready for dialogue , a top abkhazian official said here on saturday  .
italian moped giant piaggio will buy auto parts worth over  million euros -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- a year from india for a new model it plans to launch in europe , the company chief said on saturday  .
strident campaigning by thousands of candidates contesting india 's provincial elections ended saturday , setting the stage for the crucial voting on monday in four key states , officials said  .
britain 's minister for northern ireland on saturday brushed aside any suggestion that the peace process in the province was dead as he went into crucial talks with the province 's political leaders following elections in which a hardline protestant party made significant gains  .
sixty-nine members of colombia 's highway police have been fired for corruption and insubordination , in the latest scandal to shake colombia 's police forces , the director of national police said  .
world champions brazil , former world champions italy and sydney olympic gold medallists serbia and montenegro captured berths for the athens olympics at the world cup men 's volleyball on saturday  .
a pakistani medical institute on saturday said its surgeons performed the country 's first successful liver transplant on an infant  .
an organization of aids sufferers in ethiopia has urged the country 's leaders to go for hivaids tests in order to set an example for others , state media said on saturday  .
a row between state-owned pakistan television and private channel geo saturday blocked the live coverage of the one-day cricket international here between pakistan and new zealand  .
tens of thousands of hindu marriages held this week to fit into the decade 's most auspicious celestial event pumped up gold prices to record highs saturday across india , bullion traders said  .
the european union saturday agreed at constitutional talks here that every member state should be represented on its executive commission , italian foreign minister franco frattini said  .
the european union saturday agreed at constitutional talks here that every member state should be represented on its executive commission , italian foreign minister franco frattini said  .
germany 's ronny ackermann won the season-opening nordic combined km event here saturday  .
the interim authority 's religious director for sunni muslims in iraq walked out of a tourism conference saturday after a doctrinal row with his shiite counterpart  .
iran said saturday it was standing firmly behind its own candidate for secretary general of the oil cartel opec and warned that it would not vote for any other  .
a provincial governor saturday sought to convince investors to put their money in tikrit , insisting saddam hussein 's hometown was perfectly safe , a view that is n't shared by us troops targeted by violent attacks  .
pakistan lost - to kyrghyzstan in their first asia world cup football qualifier in this southern port city on saturday  .
china will focus on restructuring the economy and reinforcing the importance of agriculture in  , a government economic conference has decided , official media reported saturday  .
the us military is restructuring its forces in iraq to create a lighter , more mobile force with a bigger intelligence capability , better suited to the sort of low-level insurgency facing its troops , its top commander here said saturday  .
britain has granted asylum to top chechen envoy akhmed zakayev , wanted by moscow on terrorist charges , the home office said saturday  .
iraqis must not allow foreigners to draw up their new `` islamic '' constitution , an envoy of iran 's supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei said saturday  .
iran will provide the un 's atomic watchdog with all the information it requires by february , the country 's top nuclear official said saturday , repeating a pledge to sign soon an additional protocol to the non-proliferation treaty -lrb- npt -rrb-  .
germany 's foreign minister joschka fischer left an eu foreign ministers meeting in naples saturday `` deeply concerned '' about the chances of a successful conclusion to negotiations on the eu 's first constitution  .
palestinian leader yasser arafat can not be left out of any resolution of the middle east peace process , the former eu envoy to the region was quoted as saying on saturday  .
allrounder abdul razzaq snatched an unlikely victory from a novice new zealand side with a blazing unbeaten  off just  balls in the first one-day international at gaddafi stadium on saturday  .
britain renewed saturday a travel warning to saudi arabia and said it believes `` terrorists '' are planning more attacks in the kingdom , according to a statement by the foreign and commonwealth office  .
the eu 's italian presidency denied saturday that it had formally proposed delaying any change to members states ' voting rights until  in a bid to unblock talks on the eu 's first constitution  .
alan shearer rescued a point for newcastle after an embarrassing blunder by goalkeeper shay given had gifted wolves the lead at molineux on saturday  .
the  scandal in indian cricket took another twist saturday when a higher court reimposed the ban on abhijit kale , the player charged with offering bribes to two national selectors  .
german foreign minister joschka fischer on saturday again appealed against hampering turkey 's efforts to join the european union  .
campaigning by thousands of candidates contesting india 's provincial elections ended saturday , ahead of voting on monday in four key states seen as a litmus test for next year 's national polls , officials said  .
a protracted battle in tanzania 's football administration has taken a new turn after an official from world football 's governing body sent in to investigate the crisis declared interim officials `` illegal ''  .
the us military is restructuring its forces in iraq to create a lighter , more mobile force with a bigger intelligence capability , better suited to the sort of low-level insurgency facing its troops , its top commander here said saturday  .
lord 's resistance army -lrb- lra -rrb- rebels , feared for their brutal methods , are operating a training camp in areas under sudanese army control , ugandan junior defense minister ruth nankabirwa said on saturday  .
sepp blatter , the president of world football 's ruling body fifa , on saturday denounced clubs who have refused to release players for the world under- championship , saying they were devaluing the development of the sport worldwide  .
armed robbers have shot dead four policemen and two civilians during a raid on a bank in nigeria 's commercial capital lagos , a police spokesman said saturday  .
fresh from his surprise trip to baghdad , us president george w .
bush sought to soothe the `` separation and worry '' of families with relatives in iraq with sunny news from the conflict  .
at least two migrant workers were fatally gored when a rhinoceros attacked them saturday in the northeastern indian state of assam , officials here said  .
a -year-old man arrested by anti-terrorist police as part of a probe into a possible al-qaeda plot was released without charge saturday , metropolitan police headquarters said  .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei arrived in amman on saturday for his first meeting with a top us official since taking office , in a bid to revive the stalled middle east peace process , officials said  .
sudanese president omar al-beshir has accepted the resignation of his peace adviser ghazi salah eddin atabani , the official state news agency said saturday  .
a man who allegedly killed his daughter for refusing to enter a forced marriage has been arrested in the central pakistan city of multan after president pervez musharraf ordered a probe , police said saturday  .
sepp blatter , the president of world football 's ruling body fifa , on saturday denounced clubs who have refused to release players for the world under- championship , saying they were devaluing the development of the sport worldwide  .
spain 's resurgent sergio garcia holed a  foot putt for a birdie on the final green to snatch a one-stroke lead after the third round saturday of the nedbank golf challenge , an invitation-only event for  of the world 's best players  .
the -year-old fidel edwards , making his debut for the west indies , wrecked the zimbabwe top order at harare sports club here saturday to give his side victory and square the five-match one day international series -  .
a man suspected of giving the order that triggered a devastating bomb attack on an istanbul synagogue was saturday charged at a turkish state security court here  .
leading clubs slipped up in saturday 's german league action with hannover in ninth spot the highest club to grab all three points in a - home victory over sc freiburg  .
trainer paul nicholls will be glad he let his arm be twisted in pitching his novice strong flow in against experienced chasers here saturday after the six-year-old ran away with the hennessy gold cup  .
a senior delegation from the rebel sudan people 's liberation movementarmy -lrb- splma -rrb- will travel to khartoum in the next few days for the first such visit since civil war broke out in  , officials said saturday  .
england world cup hero jonny wilkinson showed off the webb ellis trophy to , fans at newcastle on saturday and then watched as his club slumped to a - defeat against wasps  .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei arrived in amman on saturday evening for his first talks with a top us official since taking office , in a bid to resurrect the stalled middle east peace process  .
chris sutton grabbed a double as celtic came from behind against lowly partick thistle to stretch their lead at the top of the scottish premier league to eight points  .
two grenades exploded on saturday , targeting leaders of venezuela 's opposition , which collected signatures demanding the recall of beleaguered president hugo chavez  .
bayern munich coach ottmar hitzfeld described his champions ' - german league draw against cologne on saturday as disgraceful while elsewhere bayern 's title rivals were failing to grab victory  .
concerned that sartorial scofflaws may be sullying the `` professional image '' of the united states , the us state department has introduced a diplomatic dress code , according to an internal memorandum seen saturday  .
catholic leader gerry adams called saturday on britain to re-establish northern ireland 's regional assembly despite the election victory of hard-line protestants bitterly opposed to the province 's peace process  .
high winds were to blame for a serious accident suffered by austria 's thomas morgenstern in the world cup ski jump event which was eventually canceled here on saturday  .
leicester city continued their dominance over portsmouth with a - win at fratton park on saturday in the battle of two of the premiership 's promoted sides  .
bolton extended their recent run of form to three wins and a draw from four games with a well-deserved - win over everton here on saturday  .
vratislav  's first goal in english football earned blackburn a much-needed win over tottenham and allowed rovers boss graeme souness to relax a little after being sent from the bench to the stand  .
leeds finally gave their fans something to cheer about with a - home win over high-flying charlton on the day a group of gulf investors confirmed they were planning a takeover bid for the cash-strapped club  .
britain said saturday it had granted asylum to top chechen envoy akhmed zakayev , wanted by russia on terrorism charges -- a move likely to sour relations between london and moscow  .
under-pressure aston villa were celebrating their first win since mid-september after a dion dublin goal sunk southampton - here saturday  .
france will raise its terrorist alert status from its lowest level , yellow , to orange on monday , officials said friday  .
police in ohio saturday investigated the death of a motorist that may be tied to as many as nine other shootings along a stretch of busy highway ringing the city of columbus  .
french champions lyon failed in their chance to go top of the table after losing - at brittany club rennes in saturday 's early french league fixture  .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei and top us middle east envoy william burns began talks saturday at the us embassy in amman to try to revive the stalled middle east peace process , officials said  .
france will raise its terrorist alert status from its lowest level , yellow , to orange on monday , officials said friday  .
lazio 's brittle confidence sunk even lower on saturday after they crashed to a - defeat away to a spirited siena  .
germany will play friendly internationals against japan , south korea and thailand in december  , it was announced here on saturday  .
the younger brother of ugandan president yoweri museveni has resigned from parliament under accusations of corruption , the parliament spokesman confirmed on saturday  .
uefa 's professional football committee -lrb- pfc -rrb- is considering the introduction of an exchange program that would allow referees to officiate domestic matches in different european countries  .
former england skipper bryan robson enjoyed a winning start to his reign as bradford boss when the struggling division one side came back from two goals down to beat millwall - on saturday  .
italy on saturday expressed its condolences to spain after seven spanish intelligence officers were killed in an attack near baghdad  .
france will raise its alert status from its lowest level , yellow , to orange on monday , officials said friday  .
a set of filipino twins who are joined at the head went home after undergoing the second surgery in a series that will eventually separate them , hospital officials said saturday  .
dallas stars defenseman philippe boucher underwent surgery here on saturday to repair a fractured left orbital bone and the canadian will be out indefinitely from national hockey league play  .
three north africans , arrested on suspicion of planning extremist attacks , will appear before a judge monday , sources close to their lawyers said saturday  .
dennis eckersley , major league baseball 's  american league most  player and cy young award winner , was among  first-time nominees on the  baseball hall of fame ballot  .
french president jacques chirac on saturday expressed his sympathy to spain after seven of its intelligence agents were killed and another wounded in an attack in iraq , his office said  .
seven spanish intelligence agents were killed saturday in a mortar and grenade attack on their convoy south of baghdad , spain 's defense minister said  .
rolling stones ' frontman mick jagger and england 's rugby world cup hero jonny wilkinson will receive their royal honors from britain 's queen elizabeth ii on the same day , buckingham palace said saturday  .
a troublesome right ankle saw real madrid 's david beckham come off four minutes from the end of his club 's - draw at osasuna on saturday  .
a senior us army officer has been accused of mishandling classified documents while serving at the us naval base in guantanamo bay , cuba , the southern command announced saturday  .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei and top us middle east envoy william burns locked heads here saturday on ways to revive the stalled middle east process , officials said  .
leeds finally gave their fans something to cheer about with a - win over high-flying charlton on the day a group of gulf investors confirmed they were planning a takeover bid for the cash-strapped club  .
british police said saturday they were questioning six men of north african origin over a probe into `` the arranging of funds or property for the purposes of terrorism  .
britain said saturday it had granted asylum to top chechen envoy akhmed zakayev , wanted by russia on terrorism charges -- a move that moscow warned could lead to a souring of bilateral relations  .
a senior us army officer has been accused of mishandling classified documents while serving at the us naval base in guantanamo bay , cuba , the southern command announced saturday  .
sweden 's in-form anja paerson added saturday 's slalom , the third event in the women 's  world cup season , to her giant slalom win here  hours earlier  .
twenty-two people died in the democratic republic of congo saturday when a passenger plane crashed in the north of the huge country , a government statement said  .
sudan and lebanon signed agricultural agreements in khartoum on saturday , official state television reported here  .
two grenades exploded on saturday , targeting leaders of venezuela 's opposition , which collected on saturday signatures to recall beleaguered president hugo chavez  .
bush 's secretive trip to iraq , one of the souvenir stores in this one-stoplight town is already making money by selling    .
libya on saturday denied giving one million dollars to detained former mauritanian president mohamed khouna ould haidalla , accused of plotting a coup in his west african state , officials said  .
david beckham endured a fierce test of his composure and character on saturday before an ankle injury put an end to his participation in real madrid 's - draw at osasuna  .
bush telephoned spanish prime minister jose maria aznar saturday to express sorrow over the slaying of seven spanish intelligence agents in iraq , the white house said  .
iran 's judgement council has changed the law on child care , allowing divorced mothers to keep custody of both their sons and daughters until they reach the age of seven , state media said saturday  .
sweden 's annika sorenstam sank a -foot eagle shot from a  sand trap to win , dollars , outclassing her male rivals here saturday at the one million-dollar skins game  .
alessandra mussolini , grand-daughter of italy 's fascist dictator , said saturday she was forming a new party after quitting the right-wing national alliance , a junior partner in the government  .
firebrand protestant leader ian paisley , whose hardline party won the most seats in elections to northern ireland 's assembly last week , has said it is up to others to drive forward the province 's stalled peace process , a london newspaper reported sunday  .
chris sutton 's double sealed a - victory for celtic and looks certain to have brought down the curtain on gerry collins ' brief reign as partick thistle boss  .
david beckham endured a fierce test of his composure and character on saturday before an ankle injury put an end to his participation in real madrid 's - draw at osasuna  .
a minute 's silence was observed before the start of the last day in the davis cup tennis final here sunday between australia and spain in respect of the seven spanish agents killed in iraq  .
a senior us army officer has been accused of mishandling classified documents while serving at the us naval base in guantanamo bay , cuba , the southern command announced saturday  .
two people were killed in the latest outburst of sectarian violence to hit the restive indonesian district of poso in central sulawesi , police said sunday  .
two grenades exploded saturday , targeting leaders of venezuela 's opposition , which collected signatures to recall beleaguered president hugo chavez  .
two prisoners wrongly convicted of robbery  years ago and who had been given suspended death sentences were released and given compensation by a court in southern china 's hainan province , state press reported sunday  .
mark philippoussis played a courageous final set with an injured serving shoulder to lead australia to victory in the davis cup tennis final over spain here on sunday  .
mark philippoussis played a courageous final set with an injured serving shoulder to lead australia to victory in the davis cup tennis final over spain here on sunday  .
five officials have been removed from their posts in central china 's henan province , for negligence in a two-year spate of murders of  high school students in a rural county , state press said sunday  .
mark philippoussis became australia 's new sporting hero when he defied the pain of a shoulder injury to lead his country to victory in the davis cup tennis final against spain here on sunday  .
argentina and china drew - on day  of the th womens champions trophy field hockey tournament here today  .
taiwan has seized a missile researcher for allegedly selling state-of-the-art military technology to rival china in one of the worst espionage scandals ever cracked here , officials said sunday  .
million foreign tourist arrivals during the first  months of  , a tourism official said sunday  .
taiwan has seized a missile researcher for allegedly selling state-of-the-art military technology to rival china in one of the worst espionage scandals ever cracked here , officials said sunday  .
a new outbreak of hivaids has surfaced in northeastern china 's jilin province where up to  villagers could be infected with aids after donating blood at government blood stations , villagers and a rights group said sunday  .
the health of former all black great jonah lomu , who is battling a kidney disease , has taken a turn for the worse and he is now barely able to walk  .
canadian skater jeffrey buttle clinched his first gold at an isu grand prix event sunday as he edged out world silver medallist timothy goebel of the united states at the nhk trophy men 's singles  .
up to seven kuwaiti shiite mourners returning from the iraqi holy city of karbala after attending the burial of a top cleric were killed in a road accident near safwan , an eyewitness said  .
australia admitted sunday that finalizing a free trade deal with the united states by christmas would be an uphill battle as negotiations reach crunch time on a number of politically-sensitive issues  .
two us soldiers were killed and one wounded in iraq when their convoy was ambushed with rocket-propelled grenade and small arms fire near the troubled town of  on the syrian border , the us military said sunday  .
skinheads attacked around  foreign students at a university in moscow which days earlier was the site of a devastating fire , russian media said on sunday  .
at least  people died in one of the worst single road accidents in malaysia in recent months after two buses collided as thousands of people returned to the cities after celebrating the eid al-fitr  , police said sunday  .
two us soldiers were killed and one wounded in iraq when their convoy was ambushed with rocket-propelled grenade and small arms fire near the troubled town of  on the syrian border , the us military said sunday  .
indonesian soldiers have shot dead three more separatist rebels in aceh province , the military said sunday  .
in a further sign of china 's determination to wipe out graft , the vice mayor of scandal-plagued liaoning province has been sacked and the deputy mayor of the southern metropolis of shenzhen has been thrown in jail , state press reported sunday  .
india has deployed around , security personnel for elections monday in four states , as six people were killed in scattered pre-poll violence , officials said  .
some  demonstrators blocked a palestinian delegation heading to geneva for the signing of an unofficial peace agreement from leaving the gaza strip sunday , witnesses reported  .
world champions brazil won their first-ever world cup men 's volleyball tournament as their nearest rivals italy lost to serbia and montenegro on sunday  .
a majority of diplomats at the french embassy in the gulf arab state of kuwait will go on strike monday as part of the first ever worldwide strike by french diplomats , the deputy head of mission said sunday  .
world champions brazil won their first-ever world cup men 's volleyball tournament as their nearest rivals italy lost to serbia and montenegro on sunday  .
doubles master todd woodbridge says he will play on for his country for another year after australia 's th davis cup tennis triumph over spain here on sunday  .
suspected taliban militants have freed a turkish road engineer almost a month after his abduction , spokesmen for the us construction firm louis berger group inc .
a dubai government hospital will not release a filipina worker who gave birth prematurely while in transit through the emirate , a newspaper reported sunday  .
norwegian sigurd pettersen overcame blustery conditions to win the world cup ski jump event here sunday , in the process beating double world and world cup champion adam malysz  .
a bangladeshi journalist was being questioned sunday for reported ties with israel , with which the muslim country has no diplomatic ties , police and media reports said  .
unsettled brazilian striker rivaldo , who is set to leave european champions ac milan during the winter transfer window , fancies a move to chelsea - who he has compared to an all-star nba team  .
steven gerrard has revealed he fears michael owen will quit liverpool if they fail to qualify for the champions league this season  .
the israeli army has allowed more palestinians from the gaza strip to cross the border daily to work in israel , an army spokesman said sunday  .
skinheads attacked around  foreign students at a university in moscow which days earlier was the site of a devastating fire , russian media said on sunday  .
afghanistan sunday questioned islamabad 's swift denial of president hamid karzai 's claim that fugitive taliban leader mullah omar had been seen in the southwest pakistan city of quetta  .
the national bank of kuwait -lrb- nbk -rrb- , the gulf emirate 's largest bank , announced sunday that it has started making money transfers to iraq in us dollars or iraqi dinars  .
a woman convicted of bombing the home of her estranged husband , killing him and four others , has been executed in central china 's hunan province , state press reported sunday  .
laxman warmed up in fine style for the first test against australia starting thursday with a stylish  against the queensland academy of sport  .
the president of the european commission , romano prodi , sunday expressed shock over the slaying of seven spanish intelligence officers in iraq  .
the greek national carrier olympic airways canceled  flights on sunday , seven of them international , after talks broke down with striking cabin staff , the company said  .
a belgian cargo plane has crash landed at nigeria 's main international airport in lagos , but no lives were lost , officials said sunday  .
scott harrison , scotland 's brightest boxing prospect in a generation , has reignited his career after stopping experienced mexican manuel medina in the th round to reclaim the wbo featherweight title  .
chinese internet dissident liu di has been released from a beijing prison after being held for a year without charges , a hong kong rights group said sunday  .
the sri lankan navy sunday arrested  men who were trying to leave the island illegally in a fishing trawler bound for italy , police officials said  .
pakistan coach javed miandad said his side will battle for a second straight win against new zealand in their one-day match on monday to put them in the same group as arch-rivals india in a major tournament next year  .
an indian construction worker accused of rape and murder was beaten to death in a jail in maldives , the leader of the southern indian state of tamil nadu charged  .
supporting the unofficial geneva peace plan due to be launched on monday is tantamount to `` abetting terrorism '' , a high-ranking israeli official said in a warning addressed to the united states  .
canadian skater jeffrey buttle clinched his first gold at an isu grand prix event sunday as he edged out world silver medallist timothy goebel of the united states in the nhk trophy  .
tourism officials in the region on sunday aired worries that tourism in the region will face another difficult year ahead amid worries about health issues and the threat of terrorism  .
an australian oil worker held hostage in nigeria was released sunday after four days in captivity , australian foreign affairs department officals said  .
sixteen kuwaiti shiite mourners returning from the iraqi holy city of karbala after attending the burial of a top cleric were killed in a road accident near safwan , an official said sunday  .
chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing has warned taiwan against holding a referendum on independence and said that china had the means to defend its sovereignty , der spiegel magazine reports in its monday edition  .
chinese internet dissident liu di has been released from a beijing prison after being held for a year without charges , a hong kong rights group said sunday  .
sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga is telephoning commonwealth leaders to secure support for her foreign affairs advisor lakshman kadirgamar who is contesting the secretary general post , officials said sunday  .
the un world food programme -lrb- wfp -rrb- on sunday hailed a campaign to provide anti-retroviral drugs to three million people by  , while stressing that good nutrition should accompany the drive  .
supporting the unofficial geneva peace plan due to be launched on monday is tantamount to `` abetting terrorism '' , a high-ranking israeli official said in a warning addressed to the united states  .
chelsea manager claudio ranieri has admitted the pressure is on to `` build something special '' this season or face being sacked by the club 's billionaire owner roman abramovich  .
us geophysical services company veritas signed late saturday a four million dollar agreement to prospect for oil in syria 's offshore waters , the country 's oil ministry said sunday  .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei and top us middle east envoy william burns held separate talks sunday with jordan 's king abdullah ii and senior aides on ways to revive the israeli-palestinian peace process  .
french police were sunday holding a yugoslav  who drove his car through the window of fashion designer jean paul gaultier 's showcase store off the champs elysees in central paris and made off with a selection of menswear  .
american sensation michael phelps will keep the swimming world guessing until just before next year 's athens olympics as to what events he will compete in after winning all his five events at the shortcourse world cup meet here  .
afghanistan will launch a voter registration drive in the coming week ahead of presidential polls scheduled for next year which will mark the war-ravaged country 's transition to democracy , a un spokesman said sunday  .
west indies ' part-time off spinner chris gayle set the tourists on a series-winning path at the harare sports club saturday by taking four zimbabwe wickets for only  in the fifth and final one-day international  .
pope john paul ii on sunday called on the world 's religious leaders to preach non-violence , forgiveness and reconciliation for the sake of peace  .
england were paired with title-holders france , switzerland and croatia in the group stages of the euro  finals after the draw for the tournament here on sunday  .
a majority of diplomats at french embassies in the gulf arab states are expected to stay off work monday as part of the first ever worldwide strike by french diplomats , officials said  .
a military plane carrying the bodies of seven spanish intelligence officers killed in a mortar and grenade attack on their vehicles in iraq left kuwait on sunday , an airport source said  .
the nigerian navy said sunday an australian oil worker held hostage in the west african country 's troubled niger delta has been released , leaving five others in captivity  .
kuwaiti stocks began their first trading day sunday after the muslim eid al-fitr feast by setting a new record high , surpassing the previous record set six weeks ago , investors said  .
the british government will meet northern ireland 's triumphant hardline protestant leaders this week to try to salvage the province 's peace process after elections reshaped its political landscape  .
england coach sven-goran eriksson said here on sunday that england had avoided the hardest group at euro  despite being paired with holders france  .
american sensation michael phelps will keep the swimming world guessing until just before next year 's athens olympics as to what events he will compete in after winning all his six events at the shortcourse world cup meet here  .
proximity talks resumed sunday between mediators and sudanese rebels in a town on the kenyan border with sudan ahead of face-to-face talks with the khartoum government , chief mediator lazaro sumbeiywo said  .
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld arrived here sunday for talks with nato allies on a planned overhaul of us troop levels worldwide as well as cuts in troop levels in bosnia and plans to give the eu a military planning arm independent of the us-led transatlantic alliance  .
proximity talks resumed sunday between mediators and sudanese rebels in a town on the kenyan border with sudan ahead of face-to-face talks with the khartoum government , chief mediator lazaro sumbeiywo said  .
interpol has issued an arrest warrant for a nepalese maoist leader detained in august in india , a nepalese official said sunday  .
increasing intravenous drug use could see war-ravaged afghanistan risking an aids epidemic , the un children 's fund -lrb- unicef -rrb- warned sunday  .
more than , iranian revolutionary militia chanted `` death to america '' outside the former us embassy in tehran on sunday , wishing defeat in iraq on the `` great satan  .
jia qinglin , head of china 's nominal lower house of parliament , arrived sunday on a three-day visit to bangladesh in which the two countries will sign agreements on development and culture , officials said  .
indonesian authorities are sending some  paramilitary police to reinforce security in the restive district of poso in central sulawesi where fresh sectarian violence has killed four people and injured four others , police said sunday  .
germany coach rudi voller had no doubts his side were in the hardest group at the euro  finals in portugal after being paired with holland in the draw in lisbon on sunday  .
freed turkish road engineer hasan onal arrived in kabul sunday after being held captive for a month by taliban militants in southeast afghanistan  .
england were paired with title-holders france while holland and three-time winners germany were drawn in the same group for the euro  finals in portugal here on sunday  .
world champions brazil beat japan sunday to complete a clean sweep in their first world cup men 's volleyball victory  .
syria 's decades-old peace with israel can not `` last forever '' if the jewish state launches a new attack like one in october , its speaker of parliament mahmud al-abrash warned in an interview published sunday  .
hewlett-packard said sunday it planned to purchase all  .
million publicly-held shares to fully own its indian subsidiary digital  and expand its presence in the country  .
under pressure from political rivals and an equally hostile public , spanish prime minister jose maria aznar insisted sunday madrid would not be deterred from its role in post-war iraq despite the killing saturday of seven spanish intelligence agents in iraq  .
nepal 's prime minister returned sunday from bhutan where he urged leaders to begin the repatriation of some , bhutanese refugees living in his country for the past decade  .
russia 's president vladimir putin and armenian counterpart robert kocharian on sunday discussed prospects for the caucasus as a new era begins in georgia , a putin staff member said  .
under pressure from political rivals and an equally hostile public , spanish prime minister jose maria aznar insisted sunday madrid would not be deterred from its role in post-war iraq despite the killing saturday of seven spanish intelligence agents there  .
the president of the european commission , romano prodi , on sunday expressed shock over the slaying of se polish defense minister jerzy szmajdzinski sent his condolences to his spanish counterpart federico trillo , his ministry said  .
under pressure from political rivals and an equally hostile public , spanish prime minister jose maria aznar insisted sunday madrid would not be deterred from its role in post-war iraq despite the killing saturday of seven spanish intelligence agents there  .
german foreign minister joschka fischer on sunday condemned `` the criminal attacks and aggression that have again targeted foreign citizens in iraq '' , in a statement issued by his office  .
a burundi government delegation will have its first face-to-face talks in nairobi on sunday with hutu rebels of the national liberation forces -lrb- fnl -rrb- , which has hitherto rejected negotiations , an fnl spokesman said  .
sven-goran eriksson predicted that his england side would face a france team which had put its disastrous  world cup campaign behind it when the two nations meet in next year 's euro  finals  .
the president of the european commission , romano prodi , on sunday expressed shock over the slaying of seven spanish intelligence officers in iraq  .
commonwealth secretary general don mckinnon denied sunday that the issue of zimbabwe was threatening to open up a chasm between the so-called `` white commonwealth '' and african members this week  .
six people died in separatist violence in kashmir , where a truce on the de facto border between india and pakistan held for a fifth day sunday , police said  .
at least  kuwaiti shiite mourners returning from the burial of a top cleric in the iraqi holy city of karbala were killed in a bus crash , the british army and a religious leader told afp on sunday  .
for  shah ,  , traveling to the pakistani-zone of kashmir from the indian border town of uri in a bus has been a long-cherished dream  .
the suicide bomber who detonated a truck bomb outside the offices of british-based banking giant hsbc in istanbul has been formally identified by dna testing , turkey 's anatolia news agency said sunday  .
chelsea manager claudio ranieri has admitted the pressure is on to `` build something special '' this season or face being sacked by the club 's billionaire owner roman abramovich  .
german central bank chief ernst welteke expressed concern sunday about the stability of the european single currency , which he said could be undermined if the growth and stability pact is weakened  .
holland coach dick advocaat said their first euro  group d match against old foes germany in portugal next summer is likely to set the tone for the dutch throughout the tournament  .
germany 's axel teichmann won the xkm pursuit world cup nordic skiing cross country event here on sunday  .
former australian left-arm fast bowler bruce reid has been named india 's bowling coach on the current tour of australia , the indian cricket board president said here sunday  .
chancellor gerhard schroeder sent germany 's condolences sunday to prime minister jose maria  following the deaths of seven spanish intelligence agents in iraq , a government statement said  .
voting in a key by-election in zimbabwe , marred on its first day by opposition claims of intimidation , entered its second and final day sunday peacefully , the opposition candidate and an electoral official said  .
england were paired with title-holders france while holland and three-time winners germany were drawn in the same group for the euro  finals in portugal here on sunday  .
palestinian minister without portfolio  fares , one of the main backers of the so-called geneva initiative , canceled his trip to the blueprint 's official presentation in switzerland , he told israeli public radio sunday  .
players from the pakistan and new zealand cricket teams will wear red ribbons during their second international day-night match on monday to mark world aids day , the world cricket body said sunday  .
the president of kosovo , a mainly muslim albanian province of serbia , has ruled out that al-qaeda extremists could prepare attacks in the un-administered region , in an interview published sunday  .
around  father christmases and angels held their annual general assembly in berlin on sunday to perfect their techniques ahead of their big evening on december  , organisers said  .
french prime minister jean-pierre raffarin arrived in poland on sunday for his first official visit to the country aimed at re-building bridges between paris and warsaw that have taken a battering in recent months over iraq and eu enlargement  .
sergio garcia of spain won his second sun city challenge sunday when he knocked in a -footer for a birdie at the first extra hole of a sudden-death playoff with south africa 's retief goosen  .
hospitals in the paris area were sunday struggling to cope with a rush of emergency cases linked to simultaneous outbreaks of flu and gastroenteritis , and several were forced to call back staff from their holidays  .
iran rejects international arbitration over the disputed offshore natural gas field it shares with kuwait , foreign ministry spokesman hamid reza asefi said sunday  .
sergio garcia of spain ended his recent victory drought by winning his second sun city challenge sunday after sinking a -footer for a birdie at the first extra hole of a sudden-death playoff with south africa 's retief goosen  .
it was a gayle force victory for west indies at harare sports club here sunday as he swept the tourists to a - triumph in the one-day series  .
the us army has handed over seven unidentified bodies to police in the flashpoint northern town of fallujah , commissioner ahmad alwan said sunday  .
irish prime minister bertie ahern on sunday offered direct face-to-face talks in dublin with hardline northern ireland protestant leader ian paisley to discuss ways of salvaging the province 's peace process and restoring power-sharing  .
health experts from  african countries have vowed to join forces in the fight against malaria , the world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- said sunday  .
two south koreans were killed and two others seriously wounded in an attack on a highway near the iraqi town of tikrit , the south korean foreign ministry said monday , according to yonhap news agency  .
washington 's top envoy in the middle east william burns met with israeli foreign minister silvan shalom sunday and called on israel to fulfil its `` roadmap '' obligations on the issue of settlement outposts  .
european leaders expressed shock sunday over the slaying of seven spanish intelligence officers in iraq amid an upsurge of violence against foreign nationals but vowed the attacks will not deter international efforts to rebuild the wartorn country  .
the british government will hold talks with northern ireland 's triumphant hardline protestant leaders this week to try to salvage the province 's peace process after elections reshaped its political landscape  .
fulham keeper edwin van der sar kept arsenal at bay as he kept a clean sheet in their goalless premiership draw at highbury on sunday despite constant pressure from the gunners  .
two prominent palestinian officials due to attend the launch of the so-called geneva initiative canceled their trips sunday , although one of the plan 's main backers flip-flopped and said he would now attend the ceremony  .
amid heightened awareness of italy 's position on the islamic extremism radar screen , rome 's international airport , considered a vulnerable target , is taking extra security precautions , an airport source said sunday  .
the un 's refugee agency sunday called for countries to reconsider forced repatriation of failed afghan asylum seekers after it scaled back operations following the murder of a french worker two weeks ago  .
the suicide bomber who detonated a truck bomb outside the offices of british-based banking giant hsbc in istanbul has been formally identified by dna testing , turkey 's anatolia news agency said sunday  .
the venezuelan opposition on sunday claimed huge public support for its new drive to oust president hugo chavez whose government sealed part of the border with colombia claiming illegal immigrants were involved in election fraud  .
ministers from kenya , tanzania and uganda have endorsed a common customs protocol , moving the east african community -lrb- eac -rrb- one step closer towards integration , an official said sunday  .
at least  foreign nationals including us soldiers were killed in a sharp upsurge of violence in iraq at the weekend  .
england 's world cup winning flanker richard hill enjoyed a winning return to club rugby on sunday when he scored one of the tries which took saracens to a - win against bottom club rotherham  .
kenyan police have arrested at least  people in connection with the  bombing of the us embassy in nairobi , a senior police official said on sunday  .
jordan and iraq signed sunday an electricity agreement in which amman will help its war-battered eastern neighbor revamp its power grid and train iraqi experts , state media quoted officials as saying  .
chelsea stormed to the top of the premiership on sunday with a - victory over manchester united at stamford bridge  .
the bodies of seven spanish intelligence agents slain in a grenade and mortar attack in iraq arrived home on sunday on a spanish air force jet  .
thousands of moldovan opposition supporters marched in the capital chisinau on sunday to protest at constitutional changes planned under a russian settlement for the separatist transdniestr region  .
two south koreans were killed and two seriously wounded sunday in an attack near the iraqi town of tikrit , an incident likely to fuel uncertainty over south korea 's involvement in iraqi reconstruction  .
iraq 's us-installed governing council appealed to the international community sunday to speed up the rescheduling of the towering debt accumulated by saddam hussein 's ousted regime  .
five-time world champion valentino rossi will test for his new yamaha team at sepang in malaysia on january   .
allen iverson 's best and worst performances of the national basketball association season came just  hours apart  .
a palestinian security officer was killed sunday evening when his car blew up in the rafah refugee camp in the southern gaza strip , witnesses and security sources said  .
england 's world cup winning flanker richard hill enjoyed a winning return to club rugby on sunday when he scored one of the tries which took saracens to a - win against bottom club rotherham  .
king fahd has granted saudi arabia 's majlis  or consultative council the right to propose bills without his prior consent , amid mounting pressure to reform the conservative kingdom 's political system  .
the bodies of seven spanish intelligence agents slain in a grenade and mortar attack in iraq arrived home on sunday on a spanish air force jet  .
an american executive with anglo-dutch oil giant shell was found stabbed to death sunday in his apartment here , while his wife was hospitalized with multiple injuries , police said  .
men wearing army uniforms and carrying weapons appeared live on ivory 's coast national television sunday demanding the resignation of the country 's army chief and the departure of french peacekeepers  .
a burundi government delegation held its first face-to-face talks here on sunday with hutu rebels of the national liberation forces -lrb- fnl -rrb- , which had previously rejected negotiations  .
manchester city manager kevin keegan came to the defense of sun jihai after the chinese international scored a bizarre own goal which gave middlesbrough a - win here on sunday  .
deposed georgian president eduard shevardnadze accused us billionaire and philanthropist george soros of orchestrating a campaign that led to his downfall , in an interview broadcast on russian television sunday  .
syria has handed over to turkey  suspects wanted as part of the investigation into this month 's istanbul bombings in which  people were killed , police said sunday , quoted by the anatolia news agency  .
at least  foreign nationals including seven spanish intelligence officers and two japanese diplomats , were killed in a spate of weekend attacks in iraq that sparked world condemnation and vows not to give in to `` terrorists  .
armed men wearing army uniforms interrupted ivory 's coast national television sunday to demand the resignation of the country 's army chiefs as well as the departure of french peacekeepers  .
only a stoppage time winner from stephen hughes prevented rangers from virtually conceding defeat in the scottish premier league title race on sunday  .
double olympic gold medallist hermann maier , continuing his return from a career threatening motorcycle crash , captured the first super-g of the alpine world cup season here on sunday  .
syria has handed over to turkey  suspects wanted as part of the investigation into this month 's istanbul bombings in which  people were killed , police said sunday , quoted by the anatolia news agency  .
a saudi man was nabbed trying to smuggle some , viagra pills stuffed into his luggage through egyptian customs , airport officials said sunday  .
cruzeiro wrapped up the brazilian championship on sunday after beating paysandu -  .
the israeli army imposed a curfew on a palestinian area of the northern west bank after an israeli vehicle came under fire in the sector , israeli military sources said  .
american movie goers sought out scary laughs this weekend pushing the  comedy `` the haunted mansion '' to the top spot at the north american box office  .
a new york street corner in the east village neighborhood was renamed in memory of the rocker joey ramone on sunday , the leader of the ramones rock band who died two years ago  .
palestinian leader yasser arafat 's national security adviser , jibril al-rajoub , will lead the official delegation to the launch of the so-called geneva initiative peace plan , he said sunday  .
share prices in tokyo opened lower monday with the nikkei- index losing  .
three days of non-stop talks between pilots and management at colombia 's strike-hit airline avianca broke down sunday without an agreement being struck between the two sides  .
england were paired with title-holders france while holland and three-time winners germany were drawn in the same group for the euro  finals in portugal here on sunday  .
alex mcleish paid tribute to -year-old stephen hughes coolness under fire after his stoppage time winner prevented rangers from virtually conceding defeat in the scottish premier league title race  .
sven-goran eriksson has warned england not to get blinded by the stadium of light clash against european champions france at euro  next year  .
chelsea coach claudio ranieri celebrated his team 's - win over manchester united at stamford bridge by insisting that the londoners are still not as good as the english champions  .
us troops killed  suspected iraqi insurgents following attacks on their convoys in a firefight that capped a weekend of violence in which two americans and  other foreigners also died this past weekend  .
the british government will hold talks monday with northern ireland 's triumphant hardline protestant leaders to try to salvage the province 's peace process after elections reshaped its political landscape  .
everton boss david moyes fears teenage striker wayne rooney is in danger of burnout with a spell on the goodison park bench looming for english football 's hottest property  .
millions were due to vote under tight security in four indian states monday in polls that could impact prime minister atal behari vajpayee 's hindu nationalists ahead of general elections next year  .
prominent palestinians and israeli opposition politicians are due to launch a private middle east peace effort dubbed the geneva initiative on monday , shunning powerful opposition to their bid  .
annika sorenstam may be the queen of golf , but fred couples is mr .
manchester city manager kevin keegan came to the defense of sun jihai after the chinese international scored a bizarre own goal which gave middlesbrough a - win here on sunday  .
hong kong gold prices opened higher on monday at  .
us dollars an ounce compared to friday 's closing rate of  .
australia 's current account deficit narrowed marginally from its record-high  .
billion us -rrb- in the june quarter to  .
billion dollars in the september quarter , official data showed monday  .
australia 's central bank is likely to raise interest rates again when it meets tuesday , striving to put a lid on the surging domestic economy amid evidence of a strengthening global scene , economists said monday  .
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld meets his nato counterparts in brussels monday for talks likely to be clouded by a new european union defense initiative facing a cool reception from washington  .
percent higher in opening trade on monday boosted by better-than-expected gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- data released last friday , dealers said  .
the euro climbed to a record high against the dollar on monday , reaching  .
the euro climbed to a new all-time high against the dollar on monday , reaching  .
the us military said it killed  people , allegedly all of them attackers , when their convoys came under ambush several times as they passed through the iraqi town of samarra , although residents said return fire by us troops also killed innocent bystanders  .
south korea 's daewoo shipbuilding and marine engineering co .
said monday it had secured orders for seven vessels worth  million dollars  .
voting began early monday for assembly elections in four indian states , the results of which could have an impact on prime minister atal behari vajpayee 's hindu nationalists ahead of general elections next year  .
german chancellor gerhard schroeder arrived in china monday for an official four-day visit accompanied by an array of political and business leaders keen to tap into the countries ' lucrative potential  .
oil prices were lower in asian trade monday , dealers said  .
the united states has given no indication that either of the two australians among  prisoners held at the guantanamo bay naval base in cuba is likely to be released soon , australian officials said monday  .
the runaway success of the lord of the rings movie trilogy may be followed by a screen version of jrr tolkien 's original work , the hobbit , although it would be a few years away , film executives hinted here monday  .
the euro touched all-time highs against the dollar monday as the market focused on concerns about the huge us current account deficit against a backdrop of increasing uncertainty and violence in iraq , dealers said  .
morocco has sent home  illegal nigerian immigrants , in the first such repatriation by the north african country , the moroccan interior ministry said late sunday  .
the runaway success of the lord of the rings movie trilogy may be followed by a screen version of jrr tolkien 's original work , the hobbit , although it would be a few years away , film executives hinted here monday  .
the asian development bank -lrb- adb -rrb- and vietnam signed a -million dollar soft loan monday aimed at developing and improving upper secondary education in the communist nation  .
billion dollars in november , the highest monthly figure in  months due to brisk exports , officials said monday  .
a delegation from the simon wiesenthal center will have a private audience with pope john paul ii at the vatican on monday `` to discuss the proliferation of anti-semitism worldwide , '' the group said in statement said sunday  .
higher monday as select stocks staged a technical bounce after recent declines , dealers said  .
percent higher in morning trade on monday boosted by better-than-expected gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- data released on friday , dealers said  .
on the richter scale struck northern taiwan friday but no damage or casualties were immediately reported , the central weather bureau said  .
australia reached  for two at tea in reply to pakistan 's first innings of  on the second day of the third and final test here friday  .
east timor 's jailed resistance leader xanana gusmao has accused australian leaders in a recording broadcast here friday of betraying the conscience of the australian people by kowtowing to indonesia  .
jessica foschi , the -year-old us swimmer who was not suspended after testing positive for steroids , took third in the -meter freestyle here thursday at the us open championships  .
percent higher friday with the nikkei stock average buoyed by futures-led buying and bargain-hunting in selective issues , brokers said  .
taiwanese businesses are gloomy about their investments in china with  percent saying deteriorating relations across the taiwan strait have damaged confidence , a survey said friday  .
more than , chinese pensioners blocked traffic in the middle of wuhan city for more than three hours friday to protest at a  percent increase in the price of tickets for local parks , an official said  .
pm -lrb-  gmt -rrb- on the second day of the third australia v pakistan test here friday  .
cuban president fidel castro spent half an hour friday visiting the great wall of china under tight security and well wrapped up against the cold  .
japanese share prices edged up friday with the key market barometer closing  .
percent higher on futures-led buying and renewed bargain - hunting in selective issues  .
the dollar was steady against major currencies here friday amid a lack of fresh trading incentives ahead of the weekend , dealers said  .
australia were  for three in reply to pakistan 's first innings  when bad light stopped play on the second day of the third test here friday  .
former south korean president chun doo-hwan will be summoned on saturday for questioning in connection with the  kwangju massacre , prosecutors said friday  .
close scores from the second day of the third test between australia and pakistan at the sydney cricket ground on friday  .
former south korean president chun doo-hwan was summoned on friday to submit himself for questioning on saturday for questioning in connection with the  kwangju massacre  .
the ruling democratic liberal party -lrb- dlp -rrb- joined forces with the opposition friday in censuring one of its mps for calling moves to punish the masterminds of the  kwangju massacre a ` leftist plot  .
the fifth summit of leaders of the association of south east asian nations -lrb- asean -rrb- in bangkok later this month , is expected to sign a nuclear free zone treaty , indonesian foreign minister ali alatas said friday  .
israeli shelling of south lebanon wounded three people on the outskirts of the town of nabatiyeh , security services said friday  .
percent higher friday on heavy buying of blue chips amid fresh speculation about a us interest rate cut , dealers said  .
a man was arrested friday after he allegedly attempted to use a truck loaded with  kilos -lrb-  pounds -rrb- of gunpowder to blow up the presidential residence and kill president lee teng-hui , government officials said  .
an indonesian court in dili , east timor friday jailed the former driver of incarcerated rebel leader xanana gusmao to over six years on charges of taking part in separatist activities , a judge said  .
security was tight at the regional court here friday ahead of the appearance later in the day of former defense minister magnus malan and  other men in connection with a  massacre  .
the -year-old widow of a prominent south korean dissident was handed a suspended jail sentence on friday for visiting north korea without permission , yonhap news agency said  .
the rand weakened against the dollar in early trade here friday , opening at  .
china 's gold reserves have increased by , tonnes in the past five years to , tonnes , representing average annual output growth of  .
turkish writer yasar kemal was acquitted by the state security court here friday on charges of spreading `` separatist propaganda '' in an article written for the german magazine , der spiegel  .
two strong earthquakes registering five and seven respectively on the open-ended richter scale have rocked the kuril islands off the russian far eastern coast over the past  hours , interfax news agency reported friday  .
prime minister shimon peres has demanded that the plo take stronger action against palestinian militants after two israeli soldiers were shot near the newly autonomous west bank town of jenin  .
jet planes dropped two bombs on kabul airport friday , damaging the runway but causing no major casualties in the third air raid on the besieged afghan capital in two weeks , army sources said  .
president bill clinton headed for the irish republic friday after an historic tour of northern ireland in which he made an aggressive push for peace  .
former defense minister magnus malan and  other people , including five apartheid-era generals and a vice-admiral , were formally indicted on  counts of murder in the regional court here friday  .
air services throughout new zealand will face disruption monday despite scheduled weekend talks aimed at averting a three-day air traffic controllers ' strike  .
a young woman suspected of helping to assassinate yitzhak rabin was released on friday and placed under house arrest for seven days , a police spokesman said  .
south korean military units have been ordered to step up vigilance because of a buildup of fighter planes and bombers by north korea near the demilitarized zone , the military said friday  .
a man was arrested friday over an attempt to use a small truck loaded with  kilos -lrb-  pounds -rrb- of gunpowder to kill taiwan president lee teng-hui , government officials said  .
china and a joint commission from russia , kazakhstan , kyrghyzstan and tajikistan have ended a th round of border talks here , tackling disputes in a `` serious and practical '' way , xinhua said friday  .
the ruble made slight gains against the dollar on the moscow interbank market friday , changing hands at , rubles to the greenback up from , rubles the previous day  .
the japanese unit of cable and wireless plc announced friday that the london-based telecommunications company would start operating a global internet exchange network by may next year  .
the number of people out of work in germany is expected to grow in the coming months and could reach four million if the winter is very cold , the head of the federal labor said friday  .
a young woman suspected of helping to assassinate yitzhak rabin was released on friday and placed under house arrest for seven days , a police spokesman said  .
the nato council on friday resumed talks on authorising the sending of a ,-strong `` enabling '' force to bosnia-hercegovina and croatia  .
us president bill clinton arrived here friday after a historic visit to northern ireland during which he made an impassioned plea for peace and reconciliation  .
china has begun mass production of its new-look red flag luxury sedan , hoping that this sleek version of the communist cadillac will enable the car to compete with imports , xinhua reported friday  .
nearly  people were injured while scrambling out of a kuwait airways plane at an airport in southern india on friday after a passenger claimed he had a bomb in his briefcase , an indian news agency said  .
around a quarter of the , employees at the naval shipyards in cherbourg went on strike on friday morning , management and unions said  .
scoreboard at the end of the south african innings on the second day of the second test against england here friday  .
aids awareness campaigners distributed condoms and leaflets in jakarta 's red light district friday , as islamic leaders condemned the handout of condoms and the city 's biggest mosque ignored a government request to include aids education in friday prayers  .
queensland were poised for outright victory over western australia at the halfway stage of their sheffield shield cricket match here friday  .
shares here continued to rise to a new all-time high early friday , driven by continued expectations of a drop in british interest rates , dealers said  .
new zealand cricket was again in turmoil friday as top batsman martin crowe returned home with a bad knee just as last year 's dumped captain ken rutherford was denouncing some of his former team mates as `` liars and cheats ''  .
scorecard at the close of the opening day of the four-day cricket match between tasmania and sri lanka here friday  .
south korean military units have been ordered to step up vigilance because of an unusual buildup of fighter planes and bombers by north korea near the demilitarized zone , the military said friday  .
sri lanka on friday dubbed the release of six army deserters by tamil tiger guerrillas as an ``  , '' and said the rebels should free everyone in their custody if they were sincere about peace  .
two burmese opposition groups friday called for a dialogue with military rulers in rangoon as the sole means of achieving national reconciliation  .
thirty-seven people were injured during an emergency evacuation of a kuwait airways plane here friday after a passenger claimed he had a bomb in his briefcase , airport sources said  .
frenchman jean-louis guepy shot a course record -under-par  to climb within one shot of leader craig parry in the second round of the greg norman holden classic golf tournament here friday  .
egypt 's opposition parties won only two seats in partial election results announced friday as president hosni mubarak 's ruling party headed for victory after a campaign that left  people dead  .
scoreboard at lunch on the second day of the second test between south africa and england here friday  .
us president bill clinton and his wife hillary , arrived in ireland friday to a  military welcome , replete with cannon salutes and air force jets overhead  .
nick leeson , the former chief of baring futures -lrb- singapore -rrb- pte  .
zimbabwe has hanged a condemned prisoner for killing a policeman , the country 's first execution in seven years , press reports said friday  .
kashmir 's leading moslem cleric offered friday to act as a mediator in a bid to secure the release of four western tourists held by a shadowy moslem separatist group for nearly five months  .
percent friday on futures-led buying , while most other asian markets rallied on renewed speculation of us interest rate cut , dealers said  .
egypt 's opposition parties won only two seats in partial election results announced friday as president hosni mubarak 's ruling party headed for victory after a campaign that left  people dead  .
south korean military units have been ordered to tighten vigilance because of an unusual buildup of fighter planes and bombers by north korea near the demilitarized zone , the military said friday  .
taiwanese authorities arrested  people for vote buying in the run-up to weekend parliamentary elections , justice minister ying-jeou ma announced friday  .
net gains by the dollar helped the european currencies consolidate their positions against the mark on the european markets early friday , but the french franc which remained under pressure  .
unidentified gunmen shot dead a senior mp from india 's ruling congress -lrb- i -rrb- party and his driver friday in the home state of prime minister p .
narasimha rao , the press trust of india said  .
unidentified gunmen shot dead a senior mp from india 's ruling congress -lrb- i -rrb- party and his bodyguard on friday in the home state of prime minister p .
narasimha rao , the press trust of india -lrb- pti -rrb- said  .
a rebel commander was on friday convicted by the high court of undergoing illegal military training abroad with the intention of overthrowing the zimbabwean government  .
nato ambassadors on friday approved the deployment of ,-strong enabling force in bosnia-hercegovina and croatia , signalling the start of the biggest operation in the alliance 's history , nato announced  .
developing countries harbor  percent of all aids-infected people , but only receive  percent of global expenditure to fight the fatal disease , the world bank said in a report  .
the leaders of two of liberia 's armed factions have agreed to guarantee security and free movement of people in areas under their control , a government statement said here friday  .
president nelson mandela marked world aids day on friday with a plea to all south africans to unite in the fight against the killer disease  .
the turkish parliament will convene monday for an extraordinary session to discuss a draft bill to cancel general election due december  , parliament speaker ismat sezgin announced friday  .
dissatisfaction with umpiring decisions flared into open hostility on the opening day of sri lanka 's cricket tour match with tasmania here friday  .
almost  delegations from the world 's french-speaking countries are due to attend a summit opening here saturday , aimed at making the presence of francophone countries more clearly felt on the international stage  .
armed bandits are terrorising people of  district near the southern border with mozambique , police spokesman willie  said friday  .
nato on friday launched the biggest operation in its history , approving the dispatch of a ,-strong advance team to bosnia and croatia to clear the way for the deployment of the heavily armed force that will police the recent us-brokered peace accords  .
ground staff overran runways at a paris airport on friday as france 's crippling transport strike spread  .
aids awareness campaigners distributed condoms in jakarta 's red light district to mark world aids day friday , as islamic leaders condemned the handout and the city 's biggest mosque ignored a government request to include aids education in friday prayers  .
south korean president kim young sam said friday a sudden buildup of north korean warplanes near the dmz could herald an attack , but the north accused the south of whipping up war fears as a diversion from its own political turmoil  .
russian alexei yagudin won the men 's final in a close finish with japan 's takeshi honda at the world junior figure skating championships here friday  .
french companies expect strikes to be extended next week , warning that the stop-gap arrangements they have made so far will have to be replaced increasingly by steps to lay off workers  .
irish prime minister john bruton on friday saluted the `` crucial role '' played in the northern ireland peace process by visiting us president bill clinton  .
a man was arrested friday over an attempt to use a small truck loaded with  kilograms -lrb-  pounds -rrb- of gunpowder to kill taiwan president lee teng-hui , government officials said  .
the french car market slumped by nine percent in november from the figure for november  to , vehicles , the ccfa trade federation said friday  .
england 's paul gascoigne , who was involved in controversial headbutting and elbowing incidents against aberdeen last month , was suspended for two matches by the scottish football association  .
phillip defreitas , veteran of two world cup campaigns , has been overlooked again by england  .
the cost of living fell in argentina last month due to a  .
percent drop in prices in the food and drink sector , the government announced friday  .
scoreboard at tea on the second day of the second test between south africa and england here friday  .
five people died friday when a greek ship caught fire in the croatian port of rijeka , hina news agency reported  .
the supreme court in ho chi minh city confirmed thursday the sentences handed down to an american art dealer and two thais for drug trafficking , the daily newspaper saigon  phong reported friday  .
ong ewe hock of malaysia advanced to the last four stage of the ,-dollar world grand prix badminton finals on friday owing a favor to dane poul-erik hoyer-larsen and injured indonesian hendrawan  .
australia 's rodney eyles lived up to his number two world ranking by qualifying for the final of the qatar international squash championship with a win over compatriot brett martin here on friday  .
allan donald rattled the england top order with two early wickets on the second day of the second test against england here friday  .
bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic called on france friday to do `` something big for the serbs '' to secure the release of two of its pilots shot down over bosnia-hercegovina  .
at least  tamil tiger guerrillas were killed in fierce fighting friday when sri lankan troops tried to open a new front to seize the besieged town of jaffna in the island 's north , the military said  .
the first troops from the nato peace force will arrive in bosnia on saturday , nato sources said friday after the alliance authorised the deployment of an advance force of , non-combat troops  .
moslem militants urged egyptians on friday to take up arms against the government after accusing it of ballot-rigging during parliamentary elections  .
hong kong chief secretary anson chan told french business leaders friday to expect a `` successful transformation '' to chinese sovereignty in  , despite never-ending worries about the future of the british territory  .
the first troops from the nato peace force will arrive in bosnia - hercegovina saturday , nato officials said friday after the alliance authorised the deployment of an advance force of , non-combat troops  .
the paris bourse was stuck on a downtrend again in the first part of the friday session , due to a feeble french franc and to continuing big strikes in france , traders said in early afternoon  .
employment in canada fell by , jobs in november , wiping out more than half the gains of the previous three months , the government reported friday  .
israel pressed on with its redeployment on the west bank on friday after announcing a -hour suspension sparked by the kidnapping of two border guards , a senior military official said  .
us president bill clinton angrily defended sending , us troops to bosnia as part of a nato peacekeeping force , asking `` every american , ` how would you have felt ' '' if other nations had turned their backs when washington asked for help  .
the spanish presidency of the european union will ask the european commission to delay the planned conference of donor countries contributing to reconstruction of former yugoslavia , slated for december - in brussels , a source close to the presidency said on friday  .
saudi arabia 's highest religious authority , the council of ulema , banned private lotteries on friday , arguing that they were games of chance prohibited by islam  .
ambassadors from the  nato countries met here friday to find a consensus on spanish foreign minister javier solana as the alliance 's new chief , diplomats said  .
swedish-swiss industrial group abb announced on friday that it has won a contract worth  million kronor -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- for supplying kuwait with energy transformers  .
after clashes between police and armed guerrillas left nine people dead , the commando unit officially surrendered friday , putting an end to a -hour  in which an entire family was taken hostage  .
finnish telecommunications group nokia will establish strategic alliances in all product areas in a bid to increase the company 's flexibility , a nokia spokesman said friday  .
nato ambassadors agreed friday to name spanish foreign minister javier solana new secretary general of the -nation atlantic alliance , diplomats said  .
hong kong government first secretary anson chan on friday downplayed french investors ' worries about the future of hong kong , which she said is `` looking beyond  with total confidence in -lrb- its -rrb- projects for the future ''  .
prime minister shimon peres and russian defense minister pavel grachev signed a letter of intent here on friday boosting their countries ' military cooperation , the israeli defense ministry announced  .
, said friday its board has approved a plan to create two publicly traded entities , a medical technology company and a healthcare cost management company  .
manufacturing output in the united states slowed in november when the composite index of leading economic indicators fell to  .
points the month before , manufacturers reported friday  .
the colombian capital will see some , murders in  , making it one of the most violent cities in the world , with december likely to be the deadliest time of year , officials said friday  .
wall street opened higher friday after falling the previous day , with bonds stable ahead of the release of economic figures for november  .
cuban president fidel castro said friday in a meeting with chinese prime minister li peng that cuba 's economy was improving , particularly in the agricultural sector , tha xinhua news agency reported  .
nato ambassadors agreed friday to nominate spanish foreign minister javier solana new secretary general of the -nation atlantic alliance , diplomats said  .
world champions italy captured their first-ever men 's volleyball world cup on friday with brazil and the netherlands to join them at the atlanta olympic games next year  .
a beaming , elated us president bill clinton on friday was awarded dublin 's highest honor , the `` freedom of dublin , '' becoming the rd person in history -- including pope john paul ii and john f .
kennedy -- to become a `` freeman of dublin  .
winning men 's and women 's teams at the next world cup volleyball tournament in  are expected to receive one million swiss francs -lrb- , dollars -rrb- each , the international volleyball federation -lrb- fivb -rrb- president ruben acosta said friday  .
miners in vorkuta in russia 's far north called off a threatened strike friday after a last-minute agreement drawing up a timetable for payment of wages they have been owed since august , itar-tass news agency reported  .
finnish industrial group amer will sell its  oy  unit , which imports tires , to the bridgestone corp unit bridgestonefirestone europe , amer said friday  .
the government has unveiled a timetable for partial privatisation of france telecom to satisfy pressure from abroad , but inflaming the strike crisis which might engulf the telecommunications service from monday  .
said friday its board has approved a plan to create two publicly traded entities , a medical technology company and a health-care cost management company  .
nick price fired off five birdies in a barnstorming back nine here on friday , as the zimbabwean took a three-stroke halfway lead in the million dollar challenge  .
the argentine senate unanimously approved a resolution officially declaring the tango a `` cultural treasure '' of argentina , officials said friday  .
the chinese charge d'affaires in london , wang qiliang , was summoned to the foreign office friday to explain comments by a chinese official who accused hong kong governor chris patten of behaving like a `` big dictator ''  .
red cross and red crescent representatives from around the world gather here sunday for a one-off conference at which delegates are expected to push governments to wake up to the growing problem of civilian casualties of war  .
negotiations to bring chile into a south american common market by hammering out a framework agreement on a free trade zone have failed but talks are continuing , sources close to the talks said friday  .
french president jacques chirac , embattled on the home front by social unrest and crippling strikes , arrived here friday for a francophone summit aimed at making the presence of french-speaking countries more clearly felt on the international stage  .
the former commander of the un mission in rwanda denied any responsibility friday in the deaths of  belgian peacekeepers last year when the bloodbath erupted in the african country  .
prosecutors claimed friday to have established a direct link between the apartheid military machine and political violence which has ravaged kwazulu-natal province over the past decade  .
scoreboard at the close of play on the second day of the second test between south africa and england here friday  .
the french commander of un forces in sarejevo hit out at the dayton peace accords friday , only to find himself in the line of fire from the bosnian government  .
after clashes between police and armed guerrillas left at least six people dead , the commando unit officially surrendered friday and released a family it had taken hostage , police said  .
friday 's appointment of spanish foreign minister javier solana madariaga as secretary general of nato makes him the ninth chief of the north atlantic alliance since it was founded in  amid the cold war  .
france abruptly dismissed bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic 's suggestion friday that paris to `` do something big for the serbs '' to help win the release of two pilots missing for the past three months  .
australia 's samantha riley broke the women 's world short course m breastroke record here on friday with min  .
us mediator peter galbraith held a new round of talks with rebel serbs in croatia 's eastern slavonia region friday , tanjug news agency reported  .
the bolivian army began digging at the airport here friday in hopes of exhuming the body of legendary guerrilla leader che guevara , buried here  years ago  .
maoist gunmen shot dead a prominent mp from india 's ruling congress -lrb- i -rrb- party and his bodyguard on friday in the homestate of prime minister p .
narasimha rao , but police caught one of the alleged killers  .
french railway unions extended a week-long strike friday after talks with transport minister bernard pons broke down , union officials said  .
the dollar dropped slightly friday against the german mark after the release of figures showing us manufacturing activity slowing down last month  .
the -year-old son of outgoing president lech walesa was charged with drunk driving friday after allegedly causing a car crash and driving without a licence , judicial sources said  .
new zealand yachtsman peter blake , winner of the  americas cup , called on top sailing teams not to give up in their quest for victory in the sport 's oldest race  .
us president bill clinton , parched after two days of speeches here and in northern ireland , took time out for a pint of irish stout in a south dublin pub friday afternoon  .
the norwegian finance ministry on friday raised its forecast for  gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- growth on the mainland to  .
percent in its final  budget bill from  .
percent in the october draft , the ministry said  .
health ministers and senior officials from more than  countries began arriving here friday ahead of a commonwealth health ministers conference starting this weekend  .
an average of five us companies a month invested in south africa during  , the us-based investor responsibility research centre said friday  .
the canadian government refused to comment friday on the whereabouts of former mexican president carlos salinas or whether it had received a request from mexico for his extradition  .
bankruptcies and foreclosures have soared  percent amid a  economic crisis in argentina this year in what economists say was a spillover from the mexican peso 's plunge  .
un high commissioner for refugees sadako ogata is to visit the former yugoslavia next week , a spokesman for the un refugee agency said friday  .
a manuscript of the novel `` all quiet on the western front '' by german writer erich maria  was sold friday for , pounds -lrb- , dollars -rrb- , sotheby 's auction house said here  .
french railways will continue their strike for a ninth day saturday and no paris metro trains will run over the weekend while unions at the domestic airline air inter friday called an unlimited stoppage for thursday  .
sniper fire rang out in sarajevo on friday for the first time in weeks , wounding one resident of the bosnian capital  .
the french franc fell on friday on the london forex market , but clawed back part of its losses late in the day , while the dollar gave up part of its gains against the german mark  .
russia and usa were level at - in the davis cup final here on friday when american pete sampras and russian yevgeny kafelnikov won their singles matches  .
kmart said friday it had ended talks on the sale of its canadian operations and would continue to operate its  stores in canada  .
france abruptly dismissed bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic 's suggestion friday that paris to `` do something big for the serbs '' in order to help win the release of two pilots missing for the past three months  .
mexican financial authorities suspended trading in shares of inverlat , mexico 's fifth largest financial group , on friday in anticipation of its takeover by federal authorities  .
bosnian croat militia -lrb- hvo -rrb- on friday ransacked and burned more houses of serbs living in two western bosnian towns ,  and mrkonjic grad , scheduled for return to the serbs , a un spokesman said  .
syrian president hafez al-assad and king juan carlos of spain telephoned friday to ask about the health of the hospitalized king fahd , the official saudi press agency reported  .
pakistan has told  french members of a non-governmental organization working on its territory and in neighbouring afghanistan to leave , reportedly over accusations that they aided the government in kabul  .
two world records tumbled at the world short course swimming championships here on friday , after stirring performances by australia 's samantha riley and claudia poll of costa rica  .
hundreds of angry malawi primary school pupils staged a protest march on friday to president bakili muluzi 's residence to demand he end a teachers strike , littering the road to the palace with mango peels  .
britain suffered a trade deficit of  million pounds in september , against  .
billion the previous month , the central statistics office announced on friday  .
countries and international organizations that grant aid to vietnam pledged on friday at a meeting in paris to supply the country with assistance amounting to around  .
billion dollars next year , while encouraging hanoi to speed up structural reforms  .
two major cosmetics makers are smearing each other 's claims in a bruising battle over a new lipstick product that is designed not to rub off  .
scotland 's tracey  ran out a convincing winner when she hit a closing round of  to top the field in the  european tour qualifying school tournament here on friday  .
spanish foreign minister javier solana was poised to take over the reins of the north atlantic treaty organisation friday after nato ambassadors agreed to nominate him to the alliance 's top civilian job  .
the dollar stabilized against most major currencies in quiet midday trading here following release of disappointing economic figures for manufacturing  .
at least eight people were injured in clashes between moslems and christians in ghana 's second city , police on the scene said friday  .
france 's luc alphand , the reigning world cup downhill champion , won this season 's first downhill race here friday  .
russia and usa were level at - in the davis cup final here on friday , following victories for pete sampras and yevgeny kafelnikov in their singles matches  .
the united states is `` very pleased '' with the decision to nominate spanish foreign minister javier solana to head the north atlantic treaty organization -lrb- nato -rrb- , the state department said friday  .
two men drowned and  other people , all believed to be immigrants seeking entry to italy from albania , were missing and feared dead on friday after their inflatable boat sank overnight , italian port officials said  .
the united states and its european partners friday welcomed the decision by nato 's decision-making body to nominate spanish foreign minister javier solana to the atlantic alliance 's top civilian job  .
air france and its domestic subsidiary air inter will be hit by strike action next thursday after staff decided to join railway and metro workers already paralysing the country 's transport system  .
the united states is `` very pleased '' with the decision to nominate spanish foreign minister javier solana to head the north atlantic treaty organization -lrb- nato -rrb- , the state department said friday  .
former finnish prime minister harri holkeri , named to the commission to oversee paramilitary disarmament in northern ireland , said friday he was already pessimistic about the commission 's first deadline  .
sinn fein leader gerry adams was one of the  guests at a state banquet in dublin for us president bill clinton , although david trimble , northern ireland 's main protestant leader , turned down an invitation , officials said  .
a maltese-registered ship , the mount olympus , is listing badly and in danger of breaking up in gale force winds , kilometres -lrb-  miles -rrb- southeast of halifax , rescue officials said friday  .
ukrainian president leonid kuchma is to make a five day visit to china , starting on sunday , a presidential spokesman said  .
france 's luc alphand , the reigning world cup downhill champion , made a dream start to the defense of his title here on friday , winning the first downhill of the new season  .
nine people died and  were injured when an explosion tore apart an apartment building housing a film crew in the algerian town of  on friday , rescue officials said  .
colombian painter and sculptor fernando botero may be questioned in connection with an investigation into his adult children 's financial affairs , the attorney general 's office announced  .
frank sinatra 's personal belongings -- from a metal mailbox and a piano to a green jaguar coupe -- drew two million dollars at auction here friday , christie 's said  .
a dozen quebec separatists , citing a lack of will among traditional political parties , have formed a secret movement dedicated to the political `` liberation '' of the province , the daily le  said friday  .
intends to spend some  million dollars to more than double its investments in russian plants from now until the end of  , the firm said in a statement friday  .
nine people died and  were injured when explosives being prepared for a film crew went off accidentally on friday , tearing apart an apartment building in algeria , rescue officials said  .
us trade representative mickey kantor berated congress friday for seeking to deny the us administration broad authority to negotiate free-trade agreements  .
pete sampras , who had to be carried off court after scoring a dramatic five-set victory over andrei chesnokov in the first singles of the davis cup final here , reassured his american teammates late friday by saying that he will be firing on all cylinders when he faces russian number-one yevgeny kafelnikov on sunday  .
spanish foreign minister javier solana is an `` excellent choice '' to head the north atlantic treaty organization -lrb- nato -rrb- , a us official traveling with the president said friday  .
bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic said friday he did not know who was holding two french pilots missing for three months , but would not hold them to ransom if they were found  .
blue-chip stocks posted modest gains friday as long-term interest rates eased , but a strong rally early in the trading session fizzled  .
a woman was shot dead and  people were wounded , including  policemen , in protests friday which erupted after the official results of egypt 's parliamentary elections , police said  .
president fernando henrique cardoso urged lawmakers friday to push forward with the amazon surveillance system -lrb-  -rrb- despite allegations of corruption in awarding  .
members of the palestine national council -lrb- pnc -rrb- met here friday with plo leader yasser arafat to discuss the proposed draft electoral law for the self-rule polls due on january   .
ukrainian and western officials have clinched a deal to close the chernobyl nuclear power plant but thorny issues surrounding the timing and financing of the shutdown remain unresolved , ukraine 's foreign ministry said friday  .
king fahd thanked foreign leaders from hospital here friday for their concern over his health , the official saudi press agency -lrb- spa -rrb- reported  .
borussia dortmund opened up a five point lead over bayern munich on top of the german first division friday when they came back after trailing by an early goal to beat munich  -  .
the swedish hotel chain scandic has signed a cooperation deal with the british-owned hotel group holiday inn , scandic said friday  .
blue-chips continued their record-setting pace this week , with the dow industrials hitting three more all-time highs before profit-taking and computer-driven sell orders brought prices back down  .
twelve people died and  were injured when explosives being prepared for a film crew went off accidentally on friday , tearing apart an apartment building in algeria , local officials said  .
lens , lively - home winners over metz closed the gap on pacesetters paris st germain to six points friday after the leaders were held - at guingamp  .
france 's reigning world cup downhill champion luc alphand picked up where he left off last season here on friday -- winning the season 's first alpine downhill ski race  .
the dollar drifted in a narrow range friday against the other major currencies except the yen following release of disappointing economic figures for us manufacturing  .
britain 's laura davies and mark mccumber of the united states fired a six-under-par  here friday to take a one stroke lead midway through the  .
twelve people were detained friday , including at least three argentine army officers , in connection with a car bombing of a jewish center last year that killed  people , court sources said  .
the nato council on friday reached formal agreement on the sending of a ,-strong peace implementation force to bosnia-hercegovina , an alliance spokesman said here  .
american bantamweight justo sanchez was beaten up while out jogging here friday night  .
republican senator mark hatfield from oregon became the th us senator friday to announce that he would not seek reelection in   .
amnesty international usa said friday it urged vice president al gore to press beijing to disclose where the boy the dalai lama named as the number-two tibetan leader is  .
spanish foreign minister javier solana is an `` excellent choice '' to head the north atlantic treaty organization , a us official traveling with the president said friday  .
traditional asian foods along with moderate consumption of wine , sake and tea represent a model diet , coming from countries with some of the lowest rates of chronic diseases in the world , a group of researchers said friday  .
pills and potions made from rhinoceros horn , rare antelopes and deer  , as well as tubes of snake cream containing extract of cobra , were seized here as part of an international police operation , scotland yard said friday  .
duke snider , a hall of fame baseball player , was fined , dollars and given two years probation for not paying taxes on money from memorabilia shows in a probe that could hit other legends of the game  .
police stormed argentina 's main military base and several homes friday in the probe of an anti-jewish carbombing that killed  people , arresting seven army staff and five civilians , officials said  .
the nato council on friday reached formal agreement on the sending of a ,-strong peace implementation force to bosnia-hercegovina , an alliance spokesman said here  .
former south korean president chun doo-hwan on saturday defied the government and said he would have nothing to do with an enquiry into his role in the  kwangju massacre  .
polls opened in taiwan saturday for key parliamentary elections in which the ruling kuomintang -lrb- kmt -rrb- faces pro-unification and pro- independence parties in what is seen as an indicator for march presidential elections  .
an international advisory commission to work out the disarming of paramilitary groups in northern ireland will hold its first meeting in mid-december , a white house spokeswoman said here friday  .
the french commander of un forces in sarejevo hit out at the dayton peace accords friday , only to find himself in the line of fire from the bosnian government  .
an -year-old man employed as santa claus chased and caught a member of a teenage gang who tried to steal a toy car from his department store grotto in this northern english city friday  .
rogue financial trader nick leeson was sentenced to six years and six months in prison after a swift trial saturday for violating singapore 's laws in covering up the losses that sank britain 's barings bank  .
the united states friday called on burma 's ruling military junta to stop threatening the opposition national league for democracy -lrb- nld -rrb- and engage in a peaceful dialogue  .
former south korean president chun doo-hwan on saturday defied the government and said he would would not obey a summons for questioning on the  kwangju massacre  .
mark waugh kept australia on course to overtake pakistan 's first innings total of  with his ninth test century on the third morning of the third cricket test here saturday  .
rogue financial trader nick leeson was sentenced to six-and-a-half years in prison after a swift trial saturday for violating singapore 's laws in covering up the losses that sank britain 's barings bank  .
china indicated saturday that a european consortium has the edge over its us rivals in a battle to become the main western partner in a sino-south korean project to develop a -seat passenger jet  .
un high commissioner for human rights jose ayala lasso was headed for jakarta saturday for a visit to indonesia and the disputed territory of east timor , including a meeting with jailed rebel leader xanana gusmao  .
china and vietnam issued a joint communique saturday to mark the end of vietnamese  party general secretary do muoi 's visit , pledging to settle sensitive territorial disputes through peaceful negotiation  .
rogue financial trader nick leeson , sentenced to six-and-a-half years in prison saturday for his role in the barings fiasco , could emerge a free man in about  , lawyers said  .
liu huaqing , vice-chairman of china 's powerful central military commission , left here saturday for an official visit to russia , xinhua reported  .
cuban president fidel castro will visit vietnam after his current tour of china ends on december  , informed sources said here saturday  .
us president bill clinton and european union head jacques santer are to sign a wide-ranging transatlantic cooperation agreement sunday to set the seal on a week-long european tour by clinton  .
burkina faso prime minister marc kabore said here late thursday that he would pursue a policy of at least two years of austerity `` before sharing the fruits of growth  .
mexican boxer gabriel ruelas lost his world boxing council super featherweight title here friday to ghana 's azumah nelson here friday  .
mexican boxer gabriel ruelas lost his world boxing council super featherweight title to ghana 's azumah nelson here friday when the referee stopped the fight in the fifth round  .
cuban president fidel castro , on the final day of his visit to beijing saturday , laid a wreath inside the mausoleum of china 's late communist leader mao zedong in tiananmen square  .
the cambodian government on saturday began moves to expel six us nationals who are suspected of leading an anti-communist group determined to overthrow the vietnamese government  .
the dalai lama has urged the united nations to help locate  choekyi nyima , saying he feared for the safety of the boy chosen by him as the th reincarnation of the panchen lama , officials said saturday  .
sri lanka 's roman catholic church saturday tacitly supported the government 's military campaign against tamil tiger guerrillas and asked the faithful to donate blood to wounded soldiers  .
former south korean president chun doo-hwan arrived in his southern home town of  on saturday after defying an order to present himself to prosecutors in seoul for questioning on the  kwangju massacre , television reports said  .
prosecutors said saturday they planned to arrest former south korean president chun doo-hwan after they had received a warrant , yonhap news agency said  .
the cambodian government has arrested six us nationals suspected of leading an anti-communist group determined to overthrow the vietnamese government and begun moves to deport them , officials said saturday  .
at least  sri lankan soldiers and tamil tiger guerrillas were killed in heavy fighting in jaffna in the island 's north as the rebel launched a ferocious counter-attack , the military said saturday  .
the dalai lama has urged the united nations to locate  choekyi nyima , saying he feared for the safety of the boy chosen by him as the th reincarnation of the panchen lama , officials said saturday  .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- owes around  .
billion dollars to foreign creditors and the debt is set to increase in the next two years , an official study said on saturday  .
south korean president kim young-sam on saturday signed a general pardon bill  a massive seven million people convicted of minor and petty offences , officials said  .
the us rocket  as took off from kennedy space center here saturday carrying the  satellite soho which will be launched on a mission to study the sun  .
-lrb-  gmt -rrb- saturday in taiwan 's crucial parliamentary elections , and turnout was about  percent , election officials said  .
us president bill clinton left for germany saturday to inspect us troops bound for bosnia after a triumphant three-day visit to britain and ireland that appeared to restart the deadlocked ulster peace process  .
kenya has graduated its first unit of  tourism police who will deployed immediately in trouble spots hit by a spate of attacks on tourists that officials fear could scare visitors away from kenya , newspapers said saturday  .
us secretary of state warren christopher arrived saturday in madrid where he is due to meet spanish foreign minister javier solana who was chosen as nato secretary general  .
scorecard at the close of the second day of the four-day cricket match between tasmania and sri lanka here saturday  .
craig parry held off all challenges as world number one greg norman spectacularly blew his chances of winning his , us dollar greg norman holden classic golf tournament in the third round here saturday  .
queensland moved into second place on the sheffield shield standings after crushing western australia by an innings and  runs inside three days here saturday  .
the official saudi media on saturday continued to put out reassuring statements about the health of king fahd as he began his third day in hospital  .
scorecard at the close on the third day of the third and final cricket test between australia and pakistan at the sydney cricket ground here saturday  .
the  satellite soho was blasted into space by a us rocket here saturday on a mission to study the sun , us space officials said  .
roger d'onofrio , a former cia employee with dual  nationality was arrested saturday in rome by police acting on the orders of the naples public prosecutors office , judicial sources said  .
thirteen people were killed and  wounded when explosives being prepared for a film went off accidentally , tearing apart an apartment building in the northern kabylie region , according to an updated toll saturday  .
eleven people were killed and  injured when a lorry and a minibus collided in dawn mist on a desert road between cairo and the northern mediterranean port of alexandria , the daily al-gomhuria said saturday  .
swiss people have pledged three million swiss francs -lrb-  .
million dollars -rrb- to fight aids after an appeal for donations on radio and television to mark world aids day  .
the president of the united arab emirates , sheikh zayed ben sultan al - nahyan , on saturday pardoned  prisoners to mark the th anniversary of the creation of the state , the official agency wam said  .
us president bill clinton landed here on saturday to visit us troops stationed at nearby  , who will be the first american soldiers to leave for bosnia to implement the us-brokered peace accords  .
a first group of  british soldiers will leave for ex-yugoslavia on monday from the british raf base in  , a spokesman said here confirming the departure date  .
at lunch on the third day of the second test between south africa and england here saturday  .
south africa weathered the hammer blow of losing two quick wickets in the opening session on the third day of the second test against england here saturday to go into lunch at -  .
us president bill clinton landed here on saturday to visit us troops who will be the first american soldiers to leave for bosnia to implement us-brokered peace accords there  .
commonwealth secretary general chief emeka anyaoku arrived in south africa saturday , saying he planned to holds talks with president nelson mandela to discuss further action against nigeria 's military government  .
king hussein of jordan called for a free and democratic iraq on saturday and pledged to work for arab unity in a speech to mark the opening of a new session of parliament  .
some , students clashed with riot police here saturday while attempting to march to the house of former military  - president chun doo-hwan , witnesses said  .
georgian president eduard shevardnadze has dissolved an elite forces unit linked to an assassination attempt on him in late august , state security head avtandil iosseliani said saturday  .
five greek lawmakers , in a statement released in athens on saturday , accused germany of supporting what they called turkey 's `` dirty war '' against the kurds  .
cuban president fidel castro wrapped up the first leg of his historic nine-day visit to china saturday , laying a wreath inside the mausoleum of late communist leader mao zedong in tiananmen square  .
roger d'onofrio , an ex-cia employee with dual  nationality , was arrested saturday in an investigation into alleged money laundering and arms trafficking , judicial sources said  .
iran is to restart next month repatriating tens of thousands of afghan refugees through turkmenistan under un supervision , the official news agency irna reported saturday  .
king hussein of jordan called for a free and democratic iraq on saturday and pledged to work for arab unity in a speech to mark the opening of a new parliamentary session  .
algerian security forces launched a major search operation at midday saturday in the center of the capital following a reported attack  .
russian president boris yeltsin has withdrawn perks allowing sports and charity groups to import tobacco and alcohol without paying customs duties , the interfax news agency reported saturday  .
king hussein of jordan called for a free and democratic iraq on saturday and pledged to work for arab unity in a speech to mark the opening of a new parliamentary session  .
formula one driver mika hakkinen left here saturday for home three weeks after his horror crash during qualifying for last month 's season-ending australian formula one grand prix  .
taiwan 's ruling kuomintang maintained its majority in parliament following elections saturday , kmt officials said  .
the government on saturday gave police special powers to cordon off and search a johannesburg suburb the morning after a gang went on a rampage there and gunned down six people  .
taiwan 's ruling kuomintang -lrb- kmt -rrb- maintained its majority in parliament following elections saturday , the central election commission said  .
france remained locked in a national crisis saturday as rail and metro workers continued to strike over a government cuts program and other public sector workers prepared to join them  .
thirty sailors were saturday airlifted by helicopter off an ore ship which was on the point of sinking in rough seas in the north atlantic , coastguards here said  .
south africa were  runs ahead with six second inning wickets standing at tea on the third day of the second test against england at the wanderers here saturday  .
controversial goalkeeper bruce grobbelaar , currently facing charges of match-rigging , was suspended by his club southampton on saturday for failing to show up for a league match  .
liberian faction leader charles taylor has donated , kilos of rice to striking public school teachers to ease their demands , a government statement said saturday  .
the president of djibouti , hassan gouled aptidon , was taken ill saturday at the opening of the sixth summit of french-speaking countries in benin , according to an afp correspondent  .
us president bill clinton on saturday formally approved plans for the deployment of nato troops in bosnia , with the first batch of troops to be deployed within  to  hours , a senior us military official said here  .
the seoul district court on saturday issued an arrest warrant for former south korean president chun doo-hwan after he had defied a prosecutor 's summons and left for his hometown , television reports said  .
daniel cohn-bendit , leader of the may  french student uprising which led to national unrest , said saturday the only way to resolve the strikes crippling france was to organise early elections  .
south african coach bob woolmer was disciplined for criticising the umpiring in the second test against england here saturday  .
one hundred people have died from aids in iran in the past  years and  others are infected with the virus , health minister alireza marandi said saturday  .
a group of  fundamentalists accused of planning political attacks in egypt after being trained in sudan pleaded not guilty when they went on trial for their lives here saturday  .
south african police said saturday that they were searching for an english amateur cricketer who has gone missing since he arrived in the country four days ago  .
world champion jansher khan won the qatar international championship for the fourth year running with an emphatic win over the world number two from australia rodney eyles  .
british novelist salman rushdie , target of an assassination order from iran 's late ayatollah ruhollah  , was denied a seat on a swissair flight to zurich last month , a swiss newspaper reported saturday  .
pete sampras , carried off court in pain after his singles victory on friday , teamed up with todd martin to give the united states a - lead in the davis cup final against russia here on saturday  .
nick price dropped three shots in the last three holes to squander a three-point overnight lead and go into the final day of the million dollar challenge sharing the lead with u .
thirty crew members were plucked from a foundering iron ore ship in a daring helicopter rescue early saturday , the canadian coast guard said  .
saudi arabia has spent more than a trillion dollars over the past  years to face domestic development needs and expand its non-oil sector , an official report said on saturday  .
a un mission surveying the needs of an international police force to help implement the bosnian peace accords met with leaders of the self - proclaimed `` serb republic '' here saturday  .
djibouti president hassan gouled aptidon broke off his visit to the sixth summit of french-speaking countries in benin on saturday after falling ill and was on his way to france for medical tests , his office said here  .
pope john paul ii said saturday that the catholic faith was weakening in western countries and that people who considered themselves believers were unaware of basic religious truths  .
troops on saturday reopened a strategic highway to the south of sierra leone after fighting that left more than  rebels dead , military sources said  .
a us congressional delegation met serbian president slobodan milosevic on saturday to seek guarantees that us troops due to be sent to police a peace deal in bosnia are able to carry out their mandate in safety  .
china 's limin liu broke the m butterfly world record at the world short course swimming championships here on saturday  .
the french commander of un troops in sarajevo defended himself saturday from bosnian criticism after he went public with his reservations about the dayton , ohio , peace accords  .
armed with a court arrest warrant , investigators on saturday rushed south to arrest former south korean president chun doo-hwan charged with leading a  military rebellion , a judge and prosecutors said  .
bosnian serb military leader general ratko mladic on saturday hit out at the bosnia peace deal and called his troops to `` defend the borders '' of the self-styled serb republic , the srna news agency reported  .
england , despite the fine wicketkeeping of jack russell , were left staring defeat in the face as south africa 's batsmen took control of the second test at the wanderers here on saturday  .
princess michael of kent was taken to hospital by ambulance after an accident while riding with a scottish hunt on saturday  .
some  supporters of the kurdistan workers party -lrb- pkk -rrb- occupied the premises of a kurdish association in munich on saturday and threatened to blow it up , police said  .
palestinian leaders on saturday rejected a proposal to guarantee seats for women in the self-rule council to be elected next month but agreed to reserve places for the christian minority , officials said  .
manchester united moved a point nearer premiership leaders newcastle as they drew - against chelsea at old  on saturday  .
santa claus came out against french nuclear testing in the south pacific on saturday , with a dozen saint nicks marching outside the french embassy in the norwegian capital  .
a somali faction warned saturday it would not guarantee the security in somalia of a special europen union envoy it accuses of meddling in the country 's internal affairs  .
bayern munich kept up the pressure on bundesliga leaders borussia dortmund on saturday with a crushing - win over schalke  .
us president bill clinton left germany for madrid on saturday after paying a special visit to us troops headed for bosnia-hercegovina to help police peace accords there  .
armed with a court arrest warrant , investigators on saturday rushed south to arrest former south korean president chun doo-hwan , who is charged with leading a  military coup , a judge and prosecutors said  .
michael johnson won his second consecutive jesse owens award as the top us athlete during ceremonies at the usa track and field convention  .
a retired general who told where the bolivian army buried legendary guerrilla leader che guevara after killing him in  has been placed under house arrest , a senior military official said  .
bayern munich kept up the pressure on bundesliga leaders borussia dortmund on saturday with a - thrashing of schalke  .
at least  people were killed and  wounded in fighting between  and abgal clan militiamen at a nearby village , travellers reaching here from the area said saturday  .
a court on saturday jailed two bodyguards of king fahd 's brother for three months after they beat up two egyptians in a case which caused fury here  .
england flanker tim rodber and matt dawson were the outstanding influences in a fine display by a midlands side as they crushed ill - disciplined western samoa - here on saturday  .
foreign ministers from the six gulf monarchies opened talks here saturday to prepare the organization 's th summit which begins monday , officials said  .
world number one tennis player steffi graf had allegedly paid  million  -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- in extra tax since investigations into her financial affairs began in may , german weekly magazine der spiegel claimed in its monday editions  .
two israeli cobra helicopter gunships fired missiles at hezbollah positions in the bekaa valley on saturday , the pro-iranian organization said  .
us secretary of state warren christopher met spanish counterpart javier solana on saturday to pave the way for a  summit that could usher in a new era in transatlantic relations  .
transvaal overcame the sending-off of tight-head prop  van  for punching to earn a - draw with reigning irish provincial champions munster in a pulsating match here saturday  .
dutch prime minister wim kok warned britain on saturday not to exploit any temporary introduction of a `` two-speed europe '' as a way of undermining european economic and monetary union  .
percent through the end of november , slightly above the  percent target set by the government for the year as a whole , the national statistics department said saturday  .
a th us senator , republican alan simpson of wyoming , was expected to announce late saturday that he would not seek reelection next year , according to media reports  .
sinn fein leader gerry adams on saturday appeared to accept the anglo - irish accord as the basis for breaking the current deadlock in the northern ireland peace process  .
world cup overall leader lasse kjus of norway finally moved beyond four second-place finishes so far this season , winning the vail super-g alpine ski race here saturday for his first triumph  .
bosnian serb military leader general ratko mladic challenged the bosnia peace deal saturday and called his troops to `` defend the borders '' of the self-styled serb republic , the srna news agency reported  .
the president of bosnia 's croat-moslem federation , kresimir zubak , officially resigned from the post saturday , the croatian news agency hina reported  .
general maxwell thurman , who led the  us invasion of panama and engineered the all-volunteer us army , has died of leukemia at the age of  , it was reported saturday  .
the president of bosnia 's croat-moslem federation , kresimir zubak , officially resigned from the post saturday , the croatian news agency hina reported  .
security agents raided the campo de mayo military base here for the second time in two days saturday , seizing weapons and explosives believed used in a deadly anti-semitic bombing , police said  .
andy cole was the culprit as manchester united failed to make significant ground on leaders newcastle after being held to a - draw by injury-hit chelsea at old trafford  .
league sides came away unscathed from potential upsets in the fa cup second round on saturday but there will be at least two non-league teams in monday 's third round draw after  and  , and enfield and woking both drew -  .
nick leeson 's father-in-law said saturday he hoped the former barings trader 's - - year jail sentence would end the `` nightmare '' of the past  months  .
england star paul gascoigne was again at the center of his side 's best moves as two goals in a four-minute spell in the second half gave rangers their second victory in edinburgh within a week  .
weary venezuelans go to the polls sunday to choose local lawmakers amidst a general mood of disillusionment because of a persistent economic downturn and corruption scandals  .
norway 's lasse kjus , a runner-up four times in the first six races of the world cup season , finally broke through here saturday , winning a super-g for his first triumph in seven years on the tour  .
us president bill clinton arrived saturday in the spanish capital where he is to attend a  summit and sign a comprehensive cooperation agreement between the united states and the european union  .
warwara zelenskaja was heartbroken here saturday after thinking she had become the first russian woman to win a world cup downhill , only to have the race wiped out by alpine ski circuit officials  .
yelena bonner , the widow of the scientist and former soviet dissident andrei sakharov , called saturday on chechen voters to boycott russia 's legislative elections and the vote for a new chechen leader , both set for december   .
french and us tyre rivals michelin and goodyear signed major contracts with polish companies here saturday  .
election violence claimed two more lives in egypt on saturday while  members of the outlawed moslem brotherhood were ordered detained under emergency legislation , police said  .
germany 's green party split into two camps at its congress here saturday over german participation in a peace implementation force for bosnia-hercegovina , potentially the most divisive issue facing the country 's third largest political force  .
norway 's lasse kjus , a runner-up four times in the first six races of the world cup season , finally broke through here saturday , winning a super-g for his first triumph in seven years on the tour  .
davis love and beth daniel combined for an eight under-par  here saturday to grab a share of the lead entering the final round of the  .
former south korean president chun doo-hwan was arrested at dawn sunday by prosecution authorities on charges of leading a  military coup , television showed  .
michael jordan wants to sign a new three-year contract with the chicago bulls that would likely carry him to the end of his national basketball association -lrb- nba -rrb- career  .
the british government 's announcement of a penny in the pound reduction in the standard rate of income tax appeared to have availed it nothing as the opposition labor party extended its opinion poll lead by a further six points , the sunday times reported  .
bolivians were to go to the polls sunday to elect , municipal officials and  mayors amid steps to move more power and resources from central to local government authorities  .
former south korean president chun doo-hwan was arrested at dawn sunday by prosecution authorities on charges of leading a  military coup , television showed  .
two british women were handed five-year prison terms for plotting to kill a prosecutor who was investigating  guru bhagwan shree rajneesh in  , reports said saturday  .
the french civil aviation union  gave notice of intention saturday to stage a two-day strike next week in protest at a proposed reform of the pension system  .
the athletics track for the  olympics was unveiled here saturday to usa track and field officials , even though both us coaches who will guide athletes at the games skipped the debut  .
president bill clinton said saturday that the deployment of us troops in bosnia-hercegovina provides a `` chance to end this misery for good , '' as lawmakers continued debating the balkans mission  .
former south korean strongman chun doo-hwan was arrested at dawn sunday on charges of leading a  military coup after he openly rejected a prosecutors ' summons , television showed  .
venezuelan oil workers will strike this week unless deadlocked contract negotiations with the state oil firm petroleos de venezuela -lrb- pdvsa -rrb- move forward , union leaders said saturday  .
gulf arab states will hold behind the doors discussions on their  relations to israel and the peace process when they meet here monday  .
british foreign secretary malcolm rifkind will urge his european union counterparts on monday not to back away from their commitment to opening their markets to goods from post-apartheid south africa  .
a retired general who told where the bolivian army buried legendary guerrilla leader che guevara after killing him in  denied saturday he was under house arrest , though military brass said the detention had been ordered  .
an appeals court has removed the judge in the oklahoma city bombing trial , saying his ties to the incident could raise doubts about his impartiality , and requested a new judge from another state  .
scorecard at lunch on the fourth day of the third and final cricket test between australia and pakistan at the sydney cricket ground here sunday  .
potential for growth remains huge despite newspapers with circulation figures western publishers could only dream of  .
south australia beat victoria by six wickets to take maximum points in their sheffield shield cricket match against victoria here sunday  .
hundreds of sri lankan troops on sunday began mopping up pockets of rebel resistance after taking control of the tamil guerrilla bastion of jaffna in the island 's north , the military said  .
the rector of the international islamic university -lrb-  -rrb- defended it as the most `` peaceful '' university in pakistan after the interior minister said it was a terrorist hub , following the bombing of the egyptian embassy here  .
innings scorecard on the fourth day of the third and final cricket test between australia and pakistan at the sydney cricket ground here sunday  .
australia were on - at tea on sunday 's fourth day as they chased  to win the third test against pakistan in sydney  .
sri lankan tamil tiger chief velupillai prabhakaran has called on tamil youths to join separatist war he is leading in the country  .
a punter from northern france won a record ,, million francs -lrb- ,, dollars -rrb- on the national lottery saturday , the game 's promoters said  .
a th us senator , republican alan simpson of wyoming , announced late saturday that he would not seek reelection next year  .
a strike called by karachi 's powerful mohajir qaumi movement -lrb- mqm -rrb- paralysed pakistan 's commercial capital and other major cities in southern sindh province  .
an -year-old girl who survived a murder rampage in the eastern city of brisbane remained in critical condition sunday , after lying injured amongst the decomposing bodies of her family for five days  .
the visit to china by president leonid  of ukraine from sunday should improve relations in several areas , according to ukraine 's ambassador to beijing anatoly   .
the chinese government made no official reaction in the media here sunday to the general election in taiwan , which it considers a rogue province  .
australia ended sunday 's fourth day on - as they chased  for victory in the third test against pakistan here  .
indonesia will not comply with a un report calling for a new  into the  massacre in dili , east timor , in which scores of civilian died and went missing , foreign minister ali alatas said sunday  .
philippine diplomats tried to determine sunday whether young filipina maid sarah balabagan was among  prisoners pardoned in the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb-  .
japanese government-affiliated financial institutions had bad debts of  .
billion dollars -rrb- as of march  , a  percent jump from a year earlier , a news report said sunday  .
the confessed assassin of yitzhak rabin said in court on sunday that the prime minister 's murder was a set-up as a judge ordered him held in custody for another four days because of new evidence  .
three jewish extremists are to be charged on sunday for sedition after allegedly calling for the peaceful overthrow of the government of yitzhak rabin , who was assassinated last month , legal sources said  .
victims of the bhopal gas tragedy on sunday marked the th anniversary of the world 's worst industrial disaster with a fresh plea for speedy justice and better medical facilities  .
the philippine embassy said sunday it hoped to investigate the death of a young filipina maid who was said to have committed suicide by drinking poison  .
us president bill clinton met spanish prime minister felipe gonzalez for a working breakfast here sunday at the start of a summit to seal a new transatlantic accord  .
vote-rigging claims by a candidate in parliamentary elections in the northern taiwan port of keelung sparked a demonstration by some , supporters at a local election committee office , witnesses said sunday  .
an algerian journalist on the french daily liberte and his driver were found murdered sunday morning near algiers , the newspaper 's management announced  .
saudi arabia 's interior minister accused the private sector of undermining the domestic economy by failing to employ enough saudis when he opened a seminar on job nationalisation sunday  .
scorecard at the close of the fourth day of the third and final cricket test between australia and pakistan at the sydney cricket ground here sunday  .
skipper mark taylor was leading from the front as australia made an encouraging start in their chase for victory over pakistan in the third and final cricket test here sunday  .
tasmania led the touring sri lankans by  runs at the close of the third day of their four-day cricket tour match here sunday , thanks to a magnificent  from captain arjuna ranatunga  .
an algerian journalist on the french daily liberte and his driver were found murdered early sunday near algiers , the newspaper 's management announced  .
king fahd is scheduled to leave the hospital sunday and appear on television to reassure people about his health , saudi arabia 's foreign minister prince saudi al-faisal said in remarks to the press  .
scorecard at the close of the third day of the four-day cricket match between tasmania and sri lanka here sunday  .
england 's jack russell broke the world record for dismissals in a single test by a wicketkeeper in the second test against south africa here sunday  .
craig parry gained sweet revenge on new zealander michael campbell when he edged him out by one shot to win the , us dollar greg norman holden classic golf tournament here sunday  .
most of the , people killed in this year 's kobe earthquake were crushed or suffocated under the debris from collapsing buildings , the health and welfare ministry said sunday  .
the wife of prince norodom sirivudh , arrested last week on charges of conspiring to assassinate second prime minister hun sen , has been denied visitation rights three days in a row , she and human rights workers said sunday  .
king fahd 's condition was `` reassuring '' on sunday after he fell ill because of overwork , the royal cabinet said  .
more than a million palestinians have registered to vote in historic first elections next january , according to figures announced here on sunday  .
a plo black panther member who ignored an israeli ban and left the self-ruled enclave of jericho has been jailed for five years with hard labor by a palestinian court , officials said sunday  .
taiwan 's parliamentary polls gave two ruling kuomintang party rebels a boost in march 's presidential elections , but party nominees president lee teng-hui and premier lien chan are still seen as the most likely winners , analysts said sunday  .
scoreboard at lunch on the fourth day of the second test between south africa and england here sunday  .
an undefeated century by brian mcmillan put south africa in an almost unassailable position on the fourth day of the second test against england here sunday  .
at least five people were killed and  injured sunday in a powerful blast in the kashmir town of anantnag , police said in this state summer capital  .
gulf arab states are trying to unify their corporate laws as part of long-standing plans to merge their economies and create a common market , an official report said on sunday  .
swiss anti-nuclear campaigners sunday climbed up the front of the french consulate here and unfurled a banner denouncing france 's nuclear testing program in the south pacific  .
chechen independence fighters could obtain an amnesty if they report to a new commission set up by russian president boris yeltsin , the head of chechnya 's pro-moscow government said sunday  .
with no end in strike to the bus and metro strike in paris , operators of tourist boats on the seine were preparing sunday to come to the rescue of weary commuters  .
some  tibetans undertook a day 's fast sunday in the northern indian town of dharamsala to protest against a rival candidate chosen by beijing as the reincarnation of the panchen lama , the second highest figure in tibetan buddhism  .
at least five people were killed and  others injured when a powerful bomb exploded near a bus station in the kashmir town of anantnag on sunday , police officials here said  .
the zimbabwe government is working on a law to curb violent public demonstrations , which have become increasingly frequent in the capital , home affairs minister dumiso dabengwa , announced sunday  .
king fahd 's condition was `` reassuring '' on sunday but he needs rest after being suddenly taken ill because of overwork , the saudi royal cabinet said  .
us president bill clinton announced sunday that he had signed the order allowing the first us soldiers to leave for bosnia-hercegovina in the next few days to join a nato force implementing the peace accords  .
british foreign secretary malcolm rifkind in an interview published here sunday has urged closer ties between the european union and its partners across the atlantic  .
fresh fighting flared up near kabul early sunday as government troops and the taliban militia traded heavy artillery and rocket fire in an intense battle south of the city , the defense ministry said  .
the government is planning to set up `` alternative travel facilities '' to ease commuter chaos in paris caused by a strike which has paralyzed much of france for the last  days , an official said sunday  .
a punter from northern france discovered sunday that he had scooped the country 's biggest lottery prize of more than  million francs -lrb-  million dollars -rrb-  .
kenyan distance runner joseph kimani won the men 's two-mile race at an australian athletics grand prix meet here late sunday  .
pakistan 's main opposition organized a rally here sunday to protest alleged violations of women 's rights by the government of prime minister benazir bhutto  .
three jewish extremists were charged on sunday for sedition after allegedly calling for the peaceful overthrow of the government of yitzhak rabin , who was assassinated last month  .
the shiite moslem clergy has urged iranians to gather in mosques and pray for rain amid a drought which has hit the country in the past months  .
the united states won the davis cup here on sunday when pete sampras beat yevgeni kafelnikov - , - , - -lrb- - -rrb-  .
italian public transport workers are to go on strike next tuesday for between four and eight hours , though a minimum service will be maintained , trade union sources said sunday  .
china 's ye zhaoying beat lim xiaoqing of sweden here on sunday night to win the women 's singles crown at the  world grand prix badminton finals  .
a police officer helping to remove a dead woman from a fiery car crash discovered that the victim was his mother , kuwaiti newspapers said on sunday  .
israeli soldiers beat a -year-old man unconscious when they broke up a palestinian demonstration against land confiscation on sunday , palestinian sources said  .
the indian navy , which allowed women into its fold recently , has said the time was not ripe for them to take command of combat  , officials said sunday  .
susan molinari , the us congresswoman heading a congressional delegation seeking details on the deployment of us troops in bosnia , said sunday she was satisfied with talks held here with officials  .
sri lanka on sunday called for volunteers to help with rehabilitation in the former tamil rebel bastion of jaffna which the army captured a day earlier  .
king fahd 's condition was `` reassuring '' on sunday but he needs rest after being suddenly taken ill because of overwork , the saudi royal cabinet said  .
pace bowler brian mcmillan took two wickets in three balls to leave england facing a massive task against south africa at tea on the fourth day of the second test here sunday  .
prime minister benazir bhutto 's chief political rival nawaz sharif led thousands of supporters in a rally here sunday , vowing to oust her two-year old government  .
elections for bangladesh 's sixth parliament will be held on january  , it was announced here sunday  .
a non-governmental body made up of several human rights groups called sunday for this week 's second round of egyptian general elections to be fair , saying there had been dirty play on all sides in the first poll  .
the first palestinian police arrived here on sunday in preparation for the withdrawal of israeli troops from the west bank town due to take place before christmas  .
students are set to continue nationwide protests over chronic university underfunding after weekend talks with education minister francois bayrou failed to reach a breakthrough , student leaders said sunday  .
foreign ministers on sunday drew up an agenda for a summit of the leaders of the six gulf arab states which opens on monday  .
iraqi president saddam hussein urged his government sunday to fight inflation and slash public spending as part of an economic shake-up , the official news agency ina said  .
a new firm has won the rights to films released by major us and other producers and warned anyone pirating videocassettes that they will be prosecuted under bahraini law , the gulf daily news said sunday  .
us soldiers will be safe in bosnia when they come with an nato-led multinational force to keep the peace , bosnian president alija izetbegovic told a visiting us congressional delegation sunday  .
pete sampras clinched davis cup glory here on sunday as he destroyed yevgeny kafelnikov to give the united states an unassailable - lead  .
india on sunday said it was keen to revive ties with russia , hoping part repayments of an outstanding debt totalling  .
the new transatlantic partnership unveiled at the eu-us summit is also open to canada , iceland and norway , spanish prime minister felipe gonzalez said after his talks with president bill clinton  .
us vice-president al gore is due in south africa for a four-day visit monday with economic ties topping an agenda also featuring calls to take action over human rights abuses in nigeria  .
the first palestinian police arrived here on sunday in preparation for the withdrawal of israeli troops from the west bank town due to take place before christmas  .
two roads leading into kurdish-controlled northern iraq have been closed to prevent the spread of a cholera epidemic which has killed five people in the region , the official agency ina said sunday  .
at least , people demonstrated in the first rally by the extreme-right national alliance since it dumped its fascist credentials earlier this year , italian police and media reported sunday  .
corey pavin of the united states , playing near flawless golf , pulled five strokes clear of overnight co-leader nick price of zimbabwe to win the million dollar challenge here sunday  .
the opposition wafd party threatened sunday to boycott egypt 's election run-offs this week to protest government `` fraud '' in the first round when opposition parties failed to clinch a single seat  .
elections for bangladesh 's sixth parliament will be held on january  , it was announced here sunday  .
the head of a french aid group said sunday he has applied to travel to pakistan to investigate why  of the group 's workers there have been ordered out of the country  .
pete sampras clinched davis cup glory for the united states here on sunday as he destroyed yevgeny kafelnikov for his third win in the final  .
syrian leaders will refuse to discuss placing israeli early warning stations on the golan heights with us envoy dennis ross set for a new shuttle mission to the region , state radio said sunday  .
the former leader of haiti 's most feared paramilitary group has confirmed that he was for years a paid cia agent , according to a television interview to be aired sunday  .
us vice-president al gore is due in south africa for a four-day visit monday with economic ties topping an agenda also featuring calls to take action over human rights abuses in nigeria  .
sonia gandhi , widow of former indian prime minister rajiv gandhi , will be given an italian peace award at rome 's city hall monday , officials announced here sunday  .
the united nations ' special envoy on human rights in the former yugoslavia , elizabeth rehn , met sunday with serb representatives of disputed eastern slavonia , the tanjug news agency reported  .
french defense minister charles million on sunday distanced himself from remarks by the french commander of un troops in sarajevo who expressed doubts about the bosnia peace accords  .
turkish foreign minister deniz baykal left here for london sunday for talks with labor party leader tony blair to seek the support of his party for ankara 's expected customs union with the european union  .
russia is planning to site a nuclear waste dump in the far north where radioactive waste can be stored in huge old underground caverns originally built for nuclear tests , interfax news agency reported sunday  .
corey pavin of the united states , playing near flawless golf , pulled five strokes clear of overnight co-leader nick price of zimbabwe to win the million dollar challenge here sunday  .
egypt criticised sunday a military cooperation deal between israel and russia , which it said would `` complicate '' the middle east peace process  .
twenty people were injured in a fight involving players , referees , fans and security forces after a soccer match in southern turkey sunday , local officials said  .
sinn fein leader gerry adams welcomed sunday moves by ulster unionist party leader david trimble to persuade loyalist paramilitaries to turn in their weapons to accelerate the northern ireland peace process  .
elections for bangladesh 's sixth parliament will be held on january  , it was announced here sunday as the main opposition party rejected the new election schedule describing it as `` unilateral  .
a network of buses and boats is to be set up across paris from monday afternoon to counter the transport strike which has paralyzed the french capital for  days , transport minister bernard pons announced  .
thirty israeli officers accused of maltreating soldiers detained in military jails will be court-martialled , army officials said sunday  .
george weah scored a final-minute winner at lazio on sunday as ac milan pulled four points clear at the top of the italian league  .
pakistani investigators have arrested a man who is believed to have financed the bombing that destroyed the egyptian embassy here last month , interior minister naseerullah babar said sunday  .
the first commonwealth meeting in south africa since the country rejoined the international body opened sunday , with women 's health issues on the agenda  .
kuwaiti authorities have smashed a network selling false entry visas to the country and arrested six people , security services said sunday  .
doctors treating greek prime minister andreas papandreou , in hospital with pneumonia for two weeks , are aiming to get him breathing on his own again , it was announced sunday  .
french president jacques chirac on sunday hailed last month 's presidential election in algeria as an important step toward restoring peace and democracy in that troubled north african country  .
french students on sunday rejected new proposals by education minister francois bayrou to resolve nationwide protests over chronic underfunding of higher education , and pledged to continue their struggle  .
a french judge has indicted former panamanian dictator general manuel noriega for laundering drugs money , judicial officials said here sunday  .
kenyan president daniel arap moi was to begin a two-day visit to israel on monday to meet his israeli counterpart ezer weizman and prime minister shimon peres , a government spokesman said sunday  .
the united states will brook no changes to the bosnian peace accord and expects serbian president slobodan milosevic to bring reluctant bosnian serbs into line , secretary of state warren christopher said sunday  .
president gonzalo sanchez de lozada said he is willing to negotiate with the opposition if sunday 's municipal elections result in a setback for his government 's candidates  .
general alexander einseln stepped down sunday as head of estonia 's armed forces after clashing with defense minister andrus  , the itar-tass news agency reported  .
pakistani investigators have arrested a man who is believed to have financed the bombing that  the egyptian embassy here last month , interior minister naseerullah babar said sunday  .
twenty-three british companies were to begin a week-long mission to beirut on monday to boost cooperation with the lebanese private sector , the british embassy said sunday  .
president geidar aliyev of azerbaijan arrived here sunday for a two - day visit aimed mainly at encouraging investment in his country  .
italian foreign minister susanna agnelli met here sunday with bosnian leaders to discuss the deployment of italian troops in the nato peace implementation force and the reconstruction of bosnia  .
a network of buses and boats is to be set up across paris on monday to counter a transport strike which has paralyzed the french capital for  days , the transport ministry announced sunday  .
un envoy kofi annan on sunday expressed support for controversial french general jean rene bachelet , commander of unprofor troops in sarajevo , who has said that the bosnia peace accords will force the serbs in the bosnian capital to flee  .
chechnya will be granted a special status within the russian federation under a draft accord currently being drawn up for the caucasus republic , moscow 's special envoy to the region told russian television sunday  .
the supreme electoral tribunal has received official results from  of ecuador 's  provinces that confirm a rejection by voters of  constitutional reforms proposed by president sixto duran-ballen  .
dean holdsworth deflated newcastle 's championship cushion sunday night as wimbledon defiantly shared a dramatic six-goal extravaganza at selhurst park  .
hundreds of croatians in the southern port city of split took part sunday in a protest march organized by opposition groups angered by the landmark bosnia peace accord , and called on the croatian parliament not to implement the agreement  .
congressional approval for sending us troops to bosnia should be conditional on whether bosnian government forces are armed and trained to defend themselves , senate majority leader robert dole said sunday  .
picabo street of the united states won the women 's world cup downhill here sunday  .
the president of the central american parliament , roland valenzuela , died of a heart attack in san pedro sula ,  kilometers -lrb-  miles -rrb- north of tegucigalpa , his family said sunday  .
djibouti president hassan gouled aptidon , who fell ill during the opening of a summit of french-speaking countries in benin , will undergo medical tests in a paris hospital for the next two or three days , his ambassador here said  .
education minister francois bayrou unveiled new proposals sunday to resolve nationwide protests over chronic underfunding of higher education , to divided reactions from protesting students  .
the president of the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- called on iraq sunday to implement un resolutions imposed after its  invasion of kuwait in order to heal inter-arab rifts  .
iraq appealed sunday to gulf arab leaders to take a `` courageous national stand '' at their summit in muscat by calling for a lifting of un sanctions imposed on baghdad after its  invasion of kuwait  .
newcastle winger scott sellars will complete a , pounds move to premiership strugglers bolton monday  .
the capture of tupac amaru revolutionary movement 's -lrb- mrta -rrb- leaders foiled a guerrilla plan to seize the peruvian congress , president alberto fujimori said sunday  .
hundreds of bosnian croats and moslems gathered here sunday to demonstrate against the bosnia peace accords , protesting in particular the deal ceding part of northern bosnia to the bosnian serbs  .
italian foreign minister susanna agnelli met here sunday with bosnian leaders to discuss the deployment of italian troops in the nato peace implementation force and the reconstruction of bosnia  .
barcelona missed a golden chance to go top of the spanish first division over the weekend when they could only draw - at home against santander  .
azerbaijan 's president geidar aliyev said sunday his country was prepared to give the region of nagorno-karabakh political autonomy in return for armenian concessions over the hotly disputed enclave  .
an israeli border guard was wounded by a petrol bomb sunday in the west bank village of beit jala where palestinian police had taken up position for the first time several hours earlier  .
us seismologists said a `` great '' earthquake measuring  .
on the richter scale rocked the kuril islands off northern japan early monday  .
dan marino threw a -yard touchdown pass to irving fryar with  seconds remaining , rallying miami to a - national football league triumph over atlanta here sunday  .
saudi arabia 's king fahd is to miss a summit of gulf arab leaders this week , the official saudi news agency spa said sunday as speculation mounted over the monarch 's health  .
davis love and beth daniel fired their second consecutive eight under - par  here sunday to win the  .
million-dollar pga-lpga classic pairs event by two strokes  .
eight people died when their single-engine cessna aircraft crashed some  kilometres -lrb-  miles -rrb- north of here late saturday , reports said here  .
four unions representing government employees threatened to join the wave of strikes that has paralyzed france unless the government agrees immediately to hold talks with them on austerity plans  .
leftist candidates made gains sunday in a handful of by-elections to france 's national assembly as a high turnout triggered by social tension appeared to play into the hands of opposition forces  .
australia completed their domination of the world short-course swimming championships here sunday by winning four more gold medals -- swelling their overall total of goal medals at the four-day event to twelve  .
loyalist paramilitaries in northern ireland will not hand in their arms before the ira , despite pressure from ulster unionist party -lrb- uup -rrb- leader david trimble , the head of a small loyalist party said here sunday  .
french defense minister charles millon said late sunday he had summoned to paris the sarajevo-based french general who caused a stir by saying the bosnia peace accord would force serbs to flee the bosnian capital  .
reigning world downhill champion picabo street won the season 's first world cup downhill here sunday -- finishing ahead of germany 's olympic champion katja seizinger and warwara zelenskaja of russia  .
reigning world downhill champion picabo street won the season 's first world cup downhill here sunday -- finishing ahead of germany 's olympic champion katja seizinger and warwara zelenskaja of russia  .
reigning world downhill champion picabo street won the season 's first world cup downhill here sunday -- finishing ahead of germany 's olympic champion katja seizinger and warwara zelenskaja of russia  .
novelist robertson davies , one of canada 's most highly regarded and most prolific literary figures , died late saturday , his secretary moira  said  .
argentine experts have criticized the accord between buenos aires and london on oil exploration off the disputed falkland islands , saying south atlantic reserves might amount to `` another kuwait  .
michael jordan and mike tyson , who both made celebrated comebacks this year , top the forbes magazine 's  list of the world 's  biggest earners in sport  .
french defense minister charles millon said late sunday he had recalled to paris the sarajevo-based french general who caused a stir by saying a bosnia peace accord would force serbs to flee the bosnian capital  .
four members of the new zealand squad have been dropped from the cricket team named monday for the one-off test with pakistan that opens friday in christchurch  .
patrick roy , an all-star goaltender with the national hockey league 's montreal canadiens , has been suspended and will be traded , club officials said sunday  .
novelist robertson davies , one of canada 's most highly regarded and most prolific literary figures , has died , his secretary moira  said sunday  .
george weah scored a last-minute winner at lazio at the weekend as ac milan pulled four points clear at the top of the italian league but barcelona missed a golden chance to take over at the top in spain  .
a musical on the sinking of the greenpeace ship rainbow warrior in which former president francois mitterand dismisses new zealand as a country of sheep is to premiere here next year , one of its  said monday  .
share prices opened sharply higher on the tokyo stock exchange on monday , with the nikkei stock average rising  .
- yen here in early morning trading on monday , up from  .
yen in new york late friday but below  .
spain 's beleaguered prime minister felipe gonzalez faces one of the toughest dilemmas of his political career , shorn of a natural successor to take over the helm of his ruling spanish socialist workers party even as a general election looms  .
french government parties were given a beating by the left in seven by-elections to the national assembly sunday , reflecting the deep unpopularity of an administration already hit by a wave of crippling strikes  .
the us prison population soared over the  months ending in june to hit  .
million , in what the justice department said sunday was the largest one-year surge in the number of inmates on record  .
us dollars an ounce , against friday 's closing rate of  .
scorecard from the final day of the third and final test between australia and pakistan at the sydney cricket ground here monday  .
pakistan surged back to beat australia by  runs in the third and final cricket test here monday -- but australia clinched the series - overall  .
robertson davies , canada 's esteemed man of letters who spun intricate plots about provincial life in ontario into renowned  , has died , his secretary said sunday  .
south korean prosecutors on monday resumed their interrogation of former president chun doo-hwan in his prison cell , after a first -hour grilling that lasted late into sunday night , news reports said  .
a wild pig killed an elderly woman and injured four others as it attacked a wedding party in southern china , it was reported monday  .
share prices were higher on the tokyo stock exchange on monday morning on continued positive investor sentiment over the near-term market prospects , while the dollar eased against the yen  .
japanese police rearrested aum supreme truth guru shoko asahara monday on charges of killing a -year-old man by exposing him to the nazi - invented vx nerve gas , police said  .
the un high commissioner for human rights , jose ayala lasso , will go to east timor on monday and is also to see the disputed territory 's rebel leader in his jakarta prison cell  .
liquidators of jailed trader nick leeson 's former company baring futures -lrb- singapore -rrb- pte  .
a non-commissioned officer in argentina 's armed forces was detained sunday in connection with the july  carbombing of a jewish cultural center here , prosecutor eamon mullen said  .
chinese authorities have urged the development of well-managed real estate projects with comprehensive facilities , saying poor services were a key obstacle to boosting housing sales , a report said monday  .
liquidators of jailed trader nick leeson 's former company baring futures -lrb- singapore -rrb- pte  .
two world records were broken at the asian short-track speed skating championships sunday in harbin , one by the chinese women 's ,-metre relay team and the other by the south korean men 's , m team  .
mounting urban poverty will force the chinese government to increase social aid for the most needy over the next two years , the china daily said monday  .
okinawa governor masahide ota rejected monday the latest order by prime minister tomiichi murayama to renew land leases for us military bases on japan 's southern island , officials said  .
a fugitive south korean diplomat has been denied refugee status in new zealand , state owned television new zealand -lrb- tvnz -rrb- reported here monday  .
the un high commissioner for human rights , jose ayala lasso , will go to east timor on monday and is also to see the disputed territory 's rebel leader in his jakarta prison cell  .
south korea 's national assembly has approved budget spending of  .
trillion won -lrb-  billion dollars -rrb- in  , a  .
percent rise over this year , the ministry of finance and economy -lrb- mfe -rrb- said monday  .
a bosnian serb accused of war crimes by the international tribunal in the hague denied the charges against him in an interview published monday in the washington post  .
a cameroon airlines boeing  with  passengers and five crewmembers aboard crashed overnight as it was about to land at douala , cameroon , witnesses said monday  .
sixty people died when a cameroon airlines boeing  with  passengers and five crewmembers aboard crashed overnight while landing in douala , cameroon , an airlines official said  .
the dollar fell against major currencies here on monday on selling of long dollar positions against the mark , dealers said  .
global inflation is easing on the back of reduced growth of money supply after  years of high and persistent price rises , a global fund management conference here was told monday  .
percent higher on monday although the key market barometer lost some of its earlier gains on light profit - taking in late trading , brokers said  .
tamil tiger leaders have fled jaffna , leaving their inexperienced young cadres to face a house-to-house search monday by victorious government troops in the recaptured rebel stronghold , a military leader said  .
china 's biggest embezzlement case in which two persons have already been executed has touched high-ranking officials and involves  communist party cadres , a report said monday  .
okinawa governor masahide ota rejected monday the latest order by prime minister tomiichi murayama to renew land leases for united states military bases on the southern island , officials said  .
french public trains , buses and the paris subway system were on strike again monday but , private buses and a free ferry service along the seine river were to begin operating in paris  .
mount fuji , arguably the most sacred symbol of japan , may be getting ready to blow its top for the first time in almost  years , according to researchers quoted in a monthly japanese magazine  .
the suspected remains of up to six us servicemen who died in two separate incidents during the vietnam war were returned to the united states monday aboard a us airforce c- plane  .
the rand weakened against the dollar in early trade here monday , opening at  .
a cameroon airlines boeing  crashed soon before it was due to land here overnight , killing  people aboard , an airlines official said monday  .
a small group demonstrated outside the international committee of the red cross -lrb- icrc -rrb- offices here monday to protest the organization 's assistance to east timor asylum seekers  .
former south korean president roh tae-woo celebrated his rd birthday in a solitary jail cell monday , a day before he was to be indicted on graft charges  .
a huge explosion destroyed the main government building in sri lanka 's northern jaffna town monday as troops cleared mines planted inside the two-storey block , official sources here said  .
the first  soldiers in a pre-positioning unit for the nato force to be deployed in bosnia left here monday for split , croatia , a british royal air force spokesman said  .
the french franc fell heavily against the mark in initial trading here on monday amid mounting concern over a transport strike which was spreading through the economy , market sources said  .
south african president nelson mandela resumed his duties monday after being laid up because of an inflammation in his shoulder , his spokesman said here  .
east timorese resistance spokesman jose ramos-horta arrived here monday to lobby for the support of the fijian government in the battle for independence from indonesia  .
player of the sydney test mushtaq ahmed , at the peak of his cricket career , says he has learned something valuable from his australian legspin rival shane warne  .
australia made three changes to their team monday for friday 's opening cricket test with sri lanka in perth  .
two world records were broken at the asian short-track speed skating championships sunday in harbin , one by the chinese women 's ,-metre relay team and the other by the south korean men 's , m team  .
sacked south korean diplomat choi seung-jin said monday he has been refused permission to remain in new zealand as a refugee  .
siamese girl twins joined at birth were successfully separated during a rare operation at a hospital near tel aviv , medical officials said  .
a cameroon airlines boeing  crashed soon before it was due to land here overnight , killing  people aboard , an airlines official said monday  .
a leading french union , force ouvriere , called for staff in the insurance industry to join a wave of strikes which continued to spread throughout the french economy on monday  .
afghan government troops early monday captured a strategic mountain post from the taliban militia and killed  of their men southeast of kabul , defense sources said  .
french shares fell heavily in early trading on monday as investors showed increasing concern that a wave of strikes was spreading throughout the economy here  .
hong kong is well-placed to act as a center for debt financing services for the asia-pacific 's huge infrastructure investment programs , hong kong financial secretary donald tsang said here monday  .
bayern munich and ac milan , hoping to complete their set of european titles , both have away trips in the uefa cup third round next week  .
the burmese junta said monday that thousands of people across burma had rallied over the weekend in support of a constitutional convention which has been boycotted by the opposition  .
european union foreign ministers met here monday for talks on the financing of reconstruction in bosnia and the toughening of sanctions against nigeria  .
plc signed here monday the biggest foreign investment deal in china 's chemical sector , saying the -million - dollar project launched a dramatic expansion of its inputs here  .
a huge explosion devastated the main government building in sri lanka 's north monday , marring a spectacular army victory over tamil tiger guerrillas in their former bastion of jaffna , officials said  .
the first  soldiers of an advance party for the nato force to be deployed in bosnia left here monday for split , croatia , a british royal air force -lrb- raf -rrb- spokesperson said  .
france on monday gave china a  -lrb- -million-dollar -rrb- aid package while chinese premier li peng made encouraging remarks about renewed sino-french ties  .
a massive blaze destroyed a soldiers ' barracks at kabul 's presidential palace early monday , but no injuries were reported , military sources said  .
the daughter of slain israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin criticized the media on monday for paying too much attention to statements from his confessed assassin  .
two court clerks , a man and a woman , were found dead with their throats slit and two others were missing in a new spate of murders despite calls for talks to end algeria 's civil war , the private daily la tribune said  .
bourses across the asia pacific rallied monday as foreign investors turned their attention to the region , propelling the sydney exchange to its highest closing level in  months  .
shares here opened well down on last week 's record highs , as investors began to take profit on trades in advance of wednesday 's industrial figures that may signal a slowdown in growth , dealers said  .
the philippines is working on a package of incentives to lure us auto giant general motors corp .
into setting up a one-billion-dollar automotive assembly project , the department of trade and industry said monday  .
malaysia 's upcoming langkawi international maritime and aerospace -lrb- lima '  -rrb- show is expected to see several defense deals being clinched with military equipment makers targeting the southeast asian market , officials said monday  .
an  mike atherton century steered england to - at lunch on the final day of the test against south africa here monday  .
un high commissioner for refugees sadako ogata arrived here monday for talks with bosnian leaders  .
the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- on monday approved a  .
seeking to ease manila 's traffic and pollution , philippines president fidel ramos monday ordered squatter shanties cleared from a railway project and said used vehicle imports would be put under review  .
finnish engineering and thermal equipment company waertsilae diesel has raised its stake in its norwegian associate waertsilae propulsion from  .
to  percent , waertsilae diesel said monday  .
a subsidiary of the finnish telecommunications group nokia , nokia audio and electronics -lrb-  -rrb- , has begun talks with the swedish safety belt and airbag specialist autoliv to form a joint venture , nokia said monday  .
the danish windmill manufacturer bonus energy as will deliver  windmills to two windmill parks in wales , the danish comapny said monday  .
police used  to break up a rally here monday by activists of india 's ruling congress -lrb- i -rrb- party against the exhibition of beef products at a recently concluded international trade fair  .
an asian shipowners ' organization monday expressed strong concern over unchecked and `` highly organised '' acts of piracy in the seas bordering hong kong , vietnam and the philippines 's main island luzon  .
a car bomb exploded in the chechen capital on monday near russian administrative offices , killing at least three people and wounding several others  .
asean nations have approved a treaty to be signed at their summit this month creating a nuclear free zone in southeast asia , officials said monday  .
the french franc was in net decline on the european markets early monday as strikes in france worsened , while the deutsche mark strengthened against the european currencies  .
chinese president jiang zemin and his ukrainian counterpart leonid kuchma praised here monday the rapid development of bilateral ties , saying `` great potential '' existed for even closer cooperation  .
angola 's former rebel movement unita on monday announced that it had slowed down the quartering of its soldiers , alleging that they had come under attack from government troops in the north of the country  .
yasser arafat 's palestinian authority has decided to reserve a seat for the small samaritan community on the future autonomy council , a senior official said monday  .
the setback of taiwan 's ruling kuomintang -lrb- kmt -rrb- in weekend parliamentary elections triggered calls by party officials monday for speedy reform within its ranks  .
israel began evacuating its police headquarters in ramallah on monday in preparations to hand over the west bank town to palestinian control , witnesses said  .
asian shipowners monday expressed strong concern over unchecked and `` highly organised '' acts of piracy in the seas bordering hong kong , vietnam and the philippines 's main island luzon  .
a turkish diplomatic mission was in belgrade monday as part of a move to normalize ties between ankara and the rump yugoslavia , deeply strained by the crisis in bosnia , the foreign ministry said monday  .
a military court here on monday charged an israeli soldier with providing weapons to the confessed assassin of prime minister yitzhak rabin , military officials said  .
a drunken man who beat up a taxi passenger because he happened to look like jailed former president chun doo-hwan was arrested in the south korean port city of ulsan , news reports said monday  .
the women 's world cup giant slalom event here at the weekend is in doubt  .
the swiss-swedish industrial group asea brown boveri -lrb- abb -rrb- will participate in a consortium of european suppliers in a project to expand and upgrade qatar 's power transmission network , abb said monday  .
the gulf cooperation council -lrb- gcc -rrb- , which is holding its th summit here , was founded in  to boost security among the oil-rich gulf arab states after the islamic revolution in iran and the outbreak of the iran-iraq war  .
taiwanese president lee teng-hui monday slammed china for inhibiting taiwan 's international activities , saying the island would not vanish because of the intimidation  .
a horde of about , rustlers killed at least  people , sweeping through three kenyan villages and stealing tens of thousands of cattle , goats and camels , the daily the nation reported monday  .
an israeli soldier was charged in a military court here on monday with providing ammunition to the assassin of prime minister yitzhak rabin and stealing arms for him , a military official said  .
the community of  in southeastern sweden has made what it claims is the largest nativity scene in the world with no less than , figures , the  newspaper said on monday  .
saudi arabia 's citizens read for the first time on monday that king fahd was ill after newspapers here previously reported that he had only been admitted to hospital for routine medical tests  .
israeli army officers are to swop their french-made peugeot s cars for italian fiats , the defense ministry said monday  .
french prime minister alain juppe is to meet monday with his cabinet to discuss the spreading public sector strike that has paralyzed the country  .
share prices here were showing a loss of  .
percent to  points on the cac  index on monday as strikes in the public sector began to spread to the private sector  .
eleven people were killed and  wounded in a car bomb attack in grozny on monday , russian official vladimir  said in the chechen capital  .
seven british soldiers flew monday to sarajevo to begin preparing for the deployment of , nato peace troops for the former yugoslavia while nato troops were also arriving in split in croatia  .
israeli prime minister shimon peres has turned to a chess clock to cut down on  speeches by cabinet ministers during their meetings , newspapers reported monday  .
percent in the  months to november , the state statistical institute reported on monday  .
france asked china on monday to buy more airbuses and gave a one - billion-franc -lrb- -million-dollar -rrb- aid package , while chinese premier li peng made encouraging remarks about renewed sino-french ties  .
israeli prime minister shimon peres will meet plo leader yasser arafat on friday for the first time since succeeding yitzhak rabin , a plo official said  .
women in australia , britain , france and spain were offered a drug patch to treat problems arising from the menopause by the pharmaceutical company rhone-poulenc rorer on monday  .
the british hotel group forte stepped up its defences against a hostile takeover bid worth  .
billion pounds from the entertainment and leisure group granada monday with an announcement that it will sell its restaurant division and a  percent share in the savoy hotel chain  .
a massive explosion monday devastated the main government building in sri lanka 's north , marring a spectacular army victory over tamil guerrillas in their former citadel of jaffna , officials said  .
israeli prime minister shimon peres will meet plo leader yasser arafat on friday for the first time since succeeding yitzhak rabin , a plo official said  .
defiant england skipper mike atherton hit a test-best  not out to give his side a chance of staving off defeat in the second test against south africa here on monday  .
the pacific grand prix team on monday withdrew from formula one racing for financial reasons  .
a cameroon airlines plane crashed shortly before landing here , killing at least  people aboard when it came down in a mangrove swamp , a senior airline official said monday  .
greek prime minister andreas papandreou ,  who is suffering from pneumonia , can `` communicate with his entourage '' and his condition is `` stable '' said a new hospital bulletin issued on monday  .
egypt 's main secular opposition party has dropped its threat to boycott a second round of legislative elections because of alleged widespread fraud in the first round , a party official said monday  .
the swedish-american pharmaceutical group pharmacia-upjohn has extended the acceptance period for its share offer to pharmacia stockholders to december  , the group said monday  .
saudi arabia 's crown prince abdallah ibn abdel aziz , who is standing in for an ailing king fahd at a gulf summit here , warned gulf arab countries on monday to confront efforts at destabilizing them  .
the board of the finnish state-run company kemira agro oy has decided to form an independent company of its fine chemicals business , to be called kemira fine chemicals oy , kemira announced monday  .
