britain 's queen mother walked out of a hospital unassisted monday ,  days after undergoing hip replacement surgery  .
lebanon is seeking the extradition from sweden of an alleged accomplice in the february  bomb attack on a church north of beirut that killed  people , legal officials said monday  .
israeli prime minister shimon peres will meet plo leader yasser arafat on friday for the first time since succeeding yitzhak rabin , a plo official said  .
the host stadium for the  world cup final will be named the stade de france , sports minister guy drut announced monday after months of deliberations  .
a second nato plane landed in the bosnian capital on monday carrying some  soldiers from the united states , britain , france and belgium , part of the advance troops preparing for the deployment of a ,-strong nato-led peace force for the former yugoslavia  .
turkey said monday that it would contribute up to , troops to the nato-led force being set up to enforce a peace plan in war-torn bosnia  .
london 's oil market stayed calm in early trading monday , after sunday 's announcement that the health of king fahd of saudi arabia , the world 's leading exporter of crude , had deteriorated  .
swedish forestry group   's pulp division ,  cell , cut its pulp price from , to  dollars per tonne effective from december   , the group said monday  .
share prices here were showing a hefty loss of  .
points on the cac  index in mid-afternoon monday as strikes in the public sector began to spread to the private sector  .
prime minister shimon peres said monday he would not sacrifice peace for israeli unity , during a ceremony in parliament to mark the assassination of his predecessor yitzhak rabin exactly a month ago  .
iran and bulgaria signed an agreement on monday for an array of economic cooperation , notably the sale of over two million tonnes of iranian crude oil to sofia each year , the official islamic republic news agency irna reported  .
the french franc rallied slightly early monday afternoon on the london foreign exchange market , after having come under sharp attack earlier in the session due to continuing large-scale strikes in france  .
former us president jimmy carter and spanish king juan carlos will receive the unesco peace prize on tuesday in  , the capital of the ivory coast , a unesco spokesman said monday  .
the grievances behind the massive strike gripping france focus on prime minister alain juppe 's controversial welfare reform plans -- and specifically on plans to amend public sector pension rights  .
an advance team of french troops is due to arrive in the southern croatian city of split next week to pave the way for the deployment of troops taking part in the nato-led bosnia operation , a french un military official said here monday  .
norway on monday said it would pledge  million kroner -lrb- about  million dollars -rrb- at the donor conference on bosnia to be held in london later this week  .
sudan partially lifted its ban on relief flights to the south , allowing aid to be flown to regions not affected by the latest rebel offensive , al-rai al-akher newspaper reported on monday  .
ethiopia has expelled  sudanese , mostly students arrested after the attempted assassination of egyptian president hosni mubarak in addis ababa in june , the government daily al-engaz al-watani said monday  .
the head of the international committee of the red cross on monday called for the creation of an international court to punish violations of humanitarian rights  .
the united states on monday announced it was pulling out of the united nations industrial development organization , saying that like unesco , the agency was inefficient  .
us middle east coordinator dennis ross arrived here on monday on a mission to jump-start stalled peace talks between israel and syria , state radio reported  .
south african president nelson mandela on monday called for sanctions against nigeria to be intensified , when he met commonwealth secretary - general chief emeka anyaoku  .
four people have been on hunger strike since last week 's first round of egypt 's legislative elections in protest at alleged vote-rigging , police said monday  .
the european commission on monday extended grants totaling  million dollars to south africa to finance four development projects  .
workers striking for  months against heavy equipment maker caterpillar voted to reject a contract offer but the union said it would end the work stoppage anyway  .
blue-chip share prices drifted lower monday in the absence of new data on the us economy  .
germany will host a conference on arms control and disarmament in the former yugoslavia in bonn on december  , german foreign minister klaus kinkel announced here on monday  .
defiant mike atherton hit a test-best  not out as england escaped with a extraordinary rearguard draw in the second test against south africa  .
us middle east coordinator dennis ross arrived here on monday on a mission to jump-start stalled peace talks between israel and syria , state radio reported  .
at least  more people have died and many others have been wounded in intensified fighting between somalia 's abgal and  sub-clans that has cut off the road linking the capital mogadishu and the southwestern town of baidoa , reports reaching here said on monday  .
mike atherton survived over ten hours and hit a career test-best  not out here on monday as england escaped with a extraordinary rearguard draw in the second test against south africa  .
scoreboard at the close of play on the final day of the second test between south africa and england here monday  .
us middle east coordinator dennis ross is to visit egypt during a peace mission which he started on monday in israel , foreign minister amr mussa said  .
bosnia said monday it had lost confidence in french un peacekeepers here and wanted them replaced by us soldiers who would be less likely to defend serb quarters of the capital  .
the french treasury auctioned off fixed-rate zero-coupon bills on monday in a total amount of eight billion francs , , at a sharply higher interest rate of  .
south africa announced an unchanged team here monday for the third test against england but added an extra squad member  .
an advance party of british soldiers arrived on monday in the southern croatian port city of split to pave the way for the ,-strong nato-led force to be deployed in bosnia-hercegovina  .
vice president al gore was to arrive in south africa monday for a tour featuring meetings with president nelson mandela and with deputy president thabo mbeki to strengthen bilateral relations  .
fresh from his rousing european tour , president bill clinton prepared monday for a grim battle over balancing the budget but was determined to keep bosnia on the front political burner  .
eu foreign ministers agreed monday to place a sports boycott on nigeria and to withdraw all military attaches from the country in a bid to step up the pressure on the regime over its human rights record , german foreign minister klaus kinkel said  .
the united nations monday announced finding the bodies of  men , women and children killed at a small camp in a remote forest in rwanda  .
the paris bourse nosedived on monday in reaction to a continuing wave of strikes and labor protests in france , as the cac  index ended the day at , .
a team of volunteers will demolish the house where  paul bernardo and his ex-wife tortured and killed teenage girls , mayor al unwin said monday  .
a gunman took  children and their teacher hostage in a primary school in a paris suburb on monday , police said  .
former president carlos salinas , in a letter sent to the media , blamed one of his predecessors , leaders of the ruling institutional revolutionary party , the opposition , and drug barons for his current troubles  .
cuban president fidel castro will travel friday to vietnam for a five - day visit after completing a nine-day tour of china , the cuban foreign ministry confirmed monday  .
regional power company south wales electric -lrb-  -rrb- agreed an  million pound takeover from welsh water on monday , prompting fears of imminent job cuts in the welsh utility sector  .
ing barings , the banking and insurance group , announced monday that it has been authorized to trade on the johannesburg stock exchange , where the company plans to set up its regional headquarters  .
leading european stock markets all lost ground on monday as prices eased by  .
percent in paris due to french strikes , and slipped by  .
leadership elections in the breakaway republic of chechnya are a `` farce , '' candidate ruslan khasbulatov said monday , threatening to pull out of the vote  .
radioactive water leaked from a ukrainian nuclear reactor monday , forcing a shutdown of the facility in an accident classified as serious , the government said  .
kenyan president daniel arap moi paid homage at the tomb of slain israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin on monday and visited his widow , leah , officials said  .
three syrian druze women crossed the israeli-syrian ceasefire line on monday to marry druze living on the golan heights annexed by the jewish state , witnesses said  .
india wants the organization of the islamic conference -lrb- oic -rrb- to moderate its position on kashmir which it says is biased towards the war-torn region 's moslem separatists , india 's ambassador to cairo said monday  .
south african president nelson mandela , named `` santa of the year '' last month by a greenland charity , monday received a , dollar donation from the danish province for his children 's fund  .
the united nations opened for ratification monday a treaty to regulate fishing on the high seas and for the first time to bind states to conserve and manage fish stocks  .
aberdeen captain stewart  is at the center of a police probe just eight days after holding aloft the coca-cola cup at hampden  .
global heavy equipment maker caterpillar emerged the victor monday following a -month strike that was the latest chapter in a four - year-old labor dispute  .
lsi logic introduced monday a  dollar microprocessor for a new generation of low-cost computer devices to be used exclusively to access the internet  .
the british government announced monday a  million pound expedition to re-examine the wreck of the biggest british vessel ever lost at sea , following a report into the sinking of the derbyshire off japan  .
the european court of human rights ordered france on monday to pay one million francs -lrb- , dollars -rrb- to a hemophiliac who was given a transfusion of hiv-contaminated blood , overruling a french court that said he had already received compensation  .
a meeting of donor countries to assist palestinian autonomy has been postponed by a month from its original date of december  , french foreign minister herve de charette announced here monday  .
sudan is to raise wages for government employees by more than  percent in its  draft budget which has a deficit of  .
billion dollars , finance minister abdullah hassan ahmad announced monday  .
the chief prosecutor of the un war crimes tribunal on ex-yugoslavia met here monday with officials to discuss croatian government cooperation with the tribunal 's probes , the foreign ministry said here  .
the french economics ministry announced on monday that privatization of pechiney group would be started tuesday morning with  million shares to be put on the market , at a price of  francs -lrb-  .
dollars -rrb- per share for the public and institutional investors  .
police on monday ended a hostage drama in which an armed man held a classroom full of children at a school in a paris suburb for several hours , police said  .
authorities concerned about the impending arrival here of thousands of  american soldiers will distribute thousands of free condoms to city youth , a local radio said monday  .
turkish prime minister tansu ciller left here monday for bonn where she is to hold talks with top german officials in a last ditch effort to secure an expected customs union with the european union , her office said wednesday  .
swedish firm pripps , the partner of  beverages group pripps  , has reached agreement with coca-cola for continuation `` until the end of the year '' of production and sale under license in sweden of coke products , pripps announced on monday  .
british soldier alan ford broke down in a cypriot court on monday as he was questioned over a written confession in which he allegedly admits to killing danish tour guide louise jensen  .
a hostage drama in which an armed man held a class full of primary schoolchildren for several hours ended peacefully monday when the man gave himself up , a police spokesman said  .
jo maso , a dazzling center three-quarter  years ago , said on monday he had accepted the job of international team manager to the french rugby federation  .
air france said monday it would be able to maintain all long-haul and most medium-haul services on thursday despite a planned strike by cabin crew  .
the un high commissioner for refugees -lrb- unhcr -rrb- is to open two offices in serb sections of sarajevo , its head sadako ogata said here monday , as she unveiled plans to ease the refugee crisis in bosnia  .
the french franc dropped sharply in the first part of the monday trading session on the london forex market , but then rallied slightly as operators waited for the result of a french government crisis meeting late monday to discuss the strike situation  .
turkish cypriot authorities monday released a greek cypriot soldier arrested one month ago for `` illegally entering '' the island 's turkish - controlled north , a local news agency reported  .
the powerful confederation of german trade unions , the dgb , expressed its sympathy monday with strikers in france and said it expected the french government to seek talks with the unions leading the general strike  .
more than  rebels in southern sierra leone have died in clashes with government troops , local journalists reported monday  .
jan timmer , chairman of big dutch electronics and electricals group philips , will give up his post on october  next year and will be replaced by deputy chairman cor boonstra , philips announced on monday from its eindhoven headquarters  .
swedish finance minister goeran persson is to be proposed as the country 's next prime minister , state television said monday , citing sources in the ruling social democratic party  .
four members of a school group , three of them children , were missing and three were in intensive care after being engulfed by a wall of water on the banks of the river  near here monday , police said  .
the former soviet republic of tajikistan in central asia opened an embassy in the turkish capital ankara monday  .
saudi arabia 's king fahd 's condition was `` very upbeat '' despite reports that he was seriously ill from a blood clot on the brain , a state department official said monday  .
lawyers defending ex-president hastings kamuzu banda and five other accused persons on murder charges said on monday the accused will not testify in the high court  .
un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali said monday that he would begin withdrawing un peacekeepers from rwanda this week after the government in kigali rejected their continued presence  .
award-winning film-maker emir kusturica plans to give up the cinema completely and start a new life , the french daily liberation reported monday  .
russia 's denis pankratov and hungary 's kristina egerszegi have been named  world swimmers of the year by the us magazine swimming world  .
king juan carlos of spain arrived on monday in ivory coast , where he is to be awarded a unesco prize for work towards peace  .
saudi arabia 's king fahd 's condition was `` very upbeat '' despite reports that he was seriously ill from a blood clot on the brain , a state department official said monday  .
the dayton peace agreement contains sufficient guarantees for bosnian serbs living in sarajevo , said a state department spokesman on monday , who described fears of a mass serb exodus as `` outlandish  .
several hundred tibetans took to the streets in zurich monday to protest against beijing 's choice of a new panchen lama , the second most important religious leader of the troubled territory  .
three more people have died in a yellow fever epidemic in the liberian port of buchanan , the world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- said monday  .
the canadian government is expected to announce on wednesday how many troops it will send to bosnia as part of the north atlantic treaty organization -lrb- nato -rrb- peacekeeping and policing efforts  .
colombian coffee growers , in the grip of a crisis , opened a four-day annual convention pessimistic about prices on the international market , their leader jorge cardenas said monday  .
the united states called monday on egypt to investigate alleged vote fraud in last week 's legislative elections , charging harassment of opposition candidates and reports of government interference  .
the main political leaders of northern ireland 's protestant and roman catholic communities met here monday for talks centred on the province 's economic future  .
the un high commissioner for refugees -lrb- unhcr -rrb- is to open two offices in serb sections of sarajevo , its head sadako ogata said here monday , as she unveiled plans to ease the refugee crisis in bosnia  .
the new government of prime minister shimon peres defeated its first no-confidence vote in parliament on monday over the issue of poverty in israel  .
the  world cup draw , scheduled to be held in paris on december  , may be postponed if there is no end to the industrial strikes that have paralysed much of france , uefa president lennart johansson said monday  .
finland 's gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- will grow  .
to five percent this year , the economic research institute  said as it revised its forecast downward  .
indonesia leads southeast asia in trade with canada and is the region 's biggest recipient of canadian investment , international trade minister roy maclaren said monday  .
us envoy dennis ross launched a new middle east initiative on monday as israeli prime minister shimon peres said he was `` convinced '' of the need for peace with syria  .
a ukrainian nuclear reactor was shut down monday after a leak of radioactive water in an accident classified as serious , the government said  .
the united nations reaffirmed monday the illegality of the decision israel made  years ago to impose its rule on jerusalem and proclaim the city its capital  .
carlton haselrig , who has not been seen since he took a leave of absence from the new york jets  days ago , has been suspended for one year  .
french side nantes will look to former rebel reynald pedros to fire the side into the european champions league quarter-finals on wednesday  .
four children were missing and feared dead monday with three people , including two children , in intensive care after they were engulfed by a wall of water caused by the opening of sluice gates in a dam , police said  .
irish prime minister john bruton briefed his spanish counterpart felipe gonzalez here monday on last week 's anglo-irish deal on moving the stalled ulster peace process forward and on us president bill clinton 's visit to ireland  .
israel has yet to reach a formal peace agreement with syria and lebanon despite its progress with the palestinians and jordan  .
turkish prime minister tansu ciller arrived on bonn on monday as part of a last ditch effort to secure a customs union agreeement with the european union  .
grain futures closed mixed monday on the chicago commodities exchange with wheat prices lower , corn mixed and soy products higher  .
as sweden 's ruling social democratic party continued its search for an elusive new leader -- and thus for a new prime minister -- the latest candidate to by the media was non-committal about his intentions  .
said monday it had filed a lawsuit against its former chairman lee iacocca , for breach of contract and other allegations in a dispute over his right to exercise stock options  .
the angolan government will free all war prisoners detained since the start of the armed conflict against unita rebels , the un special representative to angola announced monday  .
a delegation of sierra leonean rebels ended two days of talks with representatives of the organisation of african unity in abidjan on monday  .
dion dublin scored a superb hat-trick -- but he still finished on the losing side on monday when sheffield wednesday ended their miserable hillsborough run with a - victory over coventry  .
president carlos roberto reina refused monday to order three fugitive army officers to surrender and face criminal trials in the case of six university students kidnapped and tortured in   .
the federal trade commission monday fined a firm for marketing a beverage -- made of apple juice , grape juice and vinegar -- as able to cure cancer and provide the same health benefits as jogging  .
the canadian navy is considering buying  to  sikorsky sea hawk anti-submarine assault helicopters to replace its old fleet of sea kings , according to news reports monday  .
united states vice-president al gore pledged his country to a `` new partnership '' with south africa when he arrived here late monday to co - chair a bilateral trade meeting  .
the average interest rate on us -year treasury bonds fell to six percent monday , and the declining trend was expected to continue in the months ahead  .
the us government paid hommage to former president jimmy carter monday for his foundation 's success in eradicating guinea worm disease , an incapacitating malady that strikes most often in underdeveloped countries  .
czech prime minister vaclav klaus forecast monday five percent economic growth for his central european country next year , saying that most needed free-market reforms there had been carried out  .
president gonzalo sanchez de lozada claimed victory monday for the ruling coalition in bolivia 's municipal elections , saying voters `` supported the government 's plans for education and popular participation  .
the dollar fell slightly against other major currencies except the japanese yen monday as the german mark surged amid the continuing public sector strike in france  .
the us government paid homage to former president jimmy carter monday for his foundation 's success in fighting guinea worm disease , an incapacitating malady that plagues many developing countries  .
- yen here in early morning trading tuesday , down from  .
yen in new york late monday but above  .
share prices opened higher on the tokyo stock exchange on tuesday , with the nikkei stock average rising  .
world number-one pete sampras , america 's davis cup hero at the weekend , is hoping to fend off impending exhaustion for one more week so that he can bring the curtain down on his remarkable season in style by winning the lucrative grand slam cup here this week  .
investigators raided another military facility monday in a widening probe of involvement of argentine soldiers in anti-jewish   .
aston villa , seven times fa cup winners , have landed  town or  a bumper  in the third round of this year 's competition  .
manchester united and newcastle emerged as  after monday 's third-round fa cup draw  .
ex-president carlos salinas , in a letter to the media , blamed a presidential predecessor , leaders of the ruling institutional revolutionary party , the opposition , and drug lords for his current woes  .
media shares continued their spectacular rise tuesday amid growing rumors of a huge deal between media moguls rupert murdoch and kerry packer that would shake up the australian media industry  .
us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of  .
a three-year-old boy was savaged over  percent of his body by the family 's two dogs , police said tuesday  .
china is poised to overtake japan as the world 's biggest steel producer , boosting production by  percent in  years and doubling its imports of australian iron ore , according to a new report released here tuesday  .
police in southern china opened fire with machine guns to disperse rioting by migrant workers which left at least two dead and  wounded , reports said tuesday  .
japan 's biggest  amusement equipment maker , sega enterprises ltd .
, said tuesday it had established a subsidiary in las vegas to expand its casino game machines business in the united states  .
china is poised to overtake japan as the world 's biggest steel producer , boosting production by  percent in  years and doubling imports of australian iron ore , a government report said tuesday  .
china has issued a regulation temporarily barring the establishment of wholly-owned foreign construction companies in the country , a newspaper reported tuesday  .
former australian prime minister bob hawke on tuesday dismissed perceptions that a resurgent china posed a threat to its neighbors and blasted us policy in asia as outdated and condescending  .
twelve people were killed in landslides in the eastern philippine island of catanduanes after a storm , the national disaster coordinating council -lrb- ndcc -rrb- said tuesday  .
japan 's finance minister masayoshi takemura said tuesday that scaling back the defense agency 's budget requests for the upcoming year could prove to be a controversial issue in drawing up this year 's budget  .
the tamil tiger guerrillas tuesday urged students to join the separatist war against sri lankan security forces in a bid to recapture the tigers ' former citadel of jaffna in the island 's north  .
south korea 's ruling coalition developed major cracks tuesday as followers of two jailed former presidents said they intended to quit key party posts  .
the gala premier in paris of the latest james bond movie , `` goldeneye , '' was canceled because of star pierce bronson 's hostility to french nuclear testing , a greenpeace official said tuesday  .
the gala premier in paris of the latest james bond movie , `` goldeneye , '' was canceled because of star pierce brosnan 's hostility to french nuclear testing , a greenpeace official said tuesday  .
national basketball association -lrb- nba -rrb- referees approved a new contract here monday , paving the way for their return to league games within a week  .
police in el salvador raided  local radio stations monday confiscating broadcast equipment and charging that the stations were operating without a permit , according to a non-governmental organization  .
former president roh tae-woo was indicted tuesday on charges of accepting  million dollars in bribes from  -lrb- eds  .
czech president vaclav havel said here tuesday that the election of a former communist as president in poland did not portend a return to communism in eastern europe  .
india has accused the united states of interference in kashmir and said the government will initiate legal action to hold elections in the state , banned last month by the autonomous election commission  .
president suharto warned tuesday that indonesia would not tolerate mining concerns damaging the environment or harming local populations  .
the dollar was steady against the yen and the mark in quiet trading here tuesday , with market attention centred on the  sector , dealers said  .
percent lower on tuesday with the nikkei stock average easing on profit-taking  .
billion dollars at the end of november with more than a third of the amount approved in the first  months of this year , according to reports tuesday  .
the expanded super  international rugby series next year will be a giant -game round robin competition , organisers announced tuesday  .
expectations that us funds will pump part of their huge profits generated from wall street into sagging asian stock markets are unfounded , an international investment meeting here was told tuesday  .
long queues of cars built up on motorways leading into paris again early tuesday as a fleet of buses chartered by the government to replace a transport system paralysed by strikes appeared to make no difference  .
two men convicted of stealing , nz dollars -lrb- , us -rrb- in mostly small change from parking meters were on tuesday sent to jail for two and a half years  .
ross cooper and john hart head the list of hopefuls to take over as all blacks coach following the retirement of laurie mains  .
west indies lost valuable match practice when their opening tour match against the australian prime minister 's xi was washed out here tuesday  .
the sri lanka authorities on tuesday formally sealed the capture of the northern town of jaffna from separatist tamil tiger guerrillas with an official flag-raising ceremony  .
japanese share prices eased on tuesday , with a key market barometer closing  .
percent lower on profit-taking after recent gains , brokers said  .
west indies lost valuable match practice when their opening tour match against the australian prime minister 's xi was washed out here tuesday  .
a moslem guerrilla faction said it would continue strengthening its forces on the southern philippine island of mindanao until a `` lasting solution '' to peace there is established , rebel officials said tuesday  .
moslem militants killed four people , including at least two christians , in an attack on a poultry farm in the south egypt province of minya , police said on tuesday  .
prime minister shimon peres reaffirmed israel 's claim over jerusalem as its undivided capital and said it would never be the the subject of compromise  .
yielding to international pressure for improving safety at nepal 's only international airport , the government here has announced plans to set up radar systems with japanese help  .
young spin wizard paul adams has been included in the initial -man squad named here tuesday by south africa for next year 's world cup in india and pakistan  .
asia has to beef up its ports and develop new ones to ensure that the region 's economic vibrancy is not hindered , singapore 's trade and industry minister yeo cheow tong said tuesday  .
south korean businesses on tueday heaved a collective sigh of relief as prosecutors announced the probe results of ex-president roh tae - woo 's corruption scandal , the stock market reacting with a surge  .
the rand stayed firm against the dollar in early trade here tuesday , opening at ,   to the greenback against a close of  .
two schoolchildren and an adult died in intensive care overnight and four other children were still missing tuesday and feared dead after they were engulfed by a wall of water caused by the opening of sluice gates in a dam , officials said  .
the international red cross has transferred more than , prisoners in rwanda from three overcrowded jails to a new facility , but said tuesday that overpopulation in other prisons remained `` unacceptably high  .
prime minister shimon peres has ruled out any compromise over israel 's claim to jerusalem as its undivided capital despite the un branding his country 's grip on the holy city as illegal  .
syria on tuesday called on israel to pledge a troop withdrawal from the golan heights as us special envoy dennis ross was set to hold talks with syrian president hafez al-assad  .
israel 's security forces went on full alert tuesday at the end of the -day mourning period for islamic jihad leader fathi shakaki , who was murdered in malta by suspected israeli agents  .
israel has begun disarming palestinians who collaborated with it during the occupation of the territories , and many have now become double agents for the plo , a military official said tuesday  .
romanian star  lupu could face a heavy sentence after ` doing a cantona ' and attacking a fan who swore at him  .
reliance industries , india 's largest private sector company , announced tuesday that it was withdrawing its request to delist from the bombay stock exchange  .
italian magistrates investigating giulio andreotti 's alleged links with the mafia , have flown to the united states to question a mafia leader jailed in philadelphia , officials said here tuesday  .
fifteen people thought to be linked with a bombing wave by algerian islamic fundamentalists were arrested in the paris region and in three provincial cities on tuesday , police said  .
sri lanka announced the capture of the tamil rebel citadel of jaffna with an official flag raising ceremony tuesday , the th day of a major offensive which claimed , lives on both sides  .
the franc rallied sharply in initial trading on tuesday because a crisis meeting of the french government late on monday had stood firm against a wave of strikes which has begun to strangle the economy , analysts said  .
reliance industries , india 's largest private sector company , announced tuesday that it was withdrawing its request to delist from the bombay stock exchange -lrb- bse -rrb-  .
hong kong governor christopher patten and hawaii governor benjamin cayetano will make official visits to the philippines next week , a presidential palace statement announced tuesday  .
efforts by liquidators of nick leeson 's former firm to seize the jailed trader 's assets in britain could clash with a parallel campaign by bondholders of barings bank , legal sources said tuesday  .
the german m money supply showed growth of  .
percent in october from the average figure in the last quarter of last year , the bundesbank said on tuesday  .
south korean prosecutors took legal steps tuesday to confiscate all of former president roh tae-woo 's assets and recover money allegedly amassed in secret swiss bank accounts  .
two schoolchildren and an adult died in intensive care overnight and four other children were still missing tuesday and feared dead after they were engulfed by a wall of water caused by the opening of sluice gates in a dam , officials said  .
french international loose forward philippe benetton will miss the five nations tournament next year after undergoing surgery on his right  on tuesday  .
nato foreign ministers met in brussels on tuesday to discuss bosnia and formally name spanish foreign minister javier solana as secretary general of the alliance  .
france intends to become more active in nato and will henceforth join in meetings of the alliance 's military committee , though it will not reintegrate the military structure it left in  , it was announced here tuesday  .
voting was underway in kazakhstan on tuesday for a new senate in the first of two elections this week expected to reaffirm the authority of president nursultan nazarbayev  .
snowboarding joined the olympic fold here on tuesday when the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- executive board decided to add the fast-growing sport to the  winter olympics in nagano  .
cuban president fidel castro left for shenzhen city in southern china tuesday after a three-day visit to see development in china 's economic powerhouse  .
cuban president fidel castro left for shenzhen city in southern china tuesday after a three-day visit to see development in china 's economic powerhouse  .
us vice president al gore and his south african counterpart thabo mbeki on tuesday opened the first bi-national commission between their two countries , both promising an expansion of trade and political ties  .
spain 's javier solana ,  , was officially named the new secretary general of the north atlantic treaty organisation by nato foreign ministers  .
the first aeroplane to land in antarctica , which still lies where it crashed in  , may be salvaged and restored , a scientist behind the scheme said tuesday  .
the un high commissioner for refugees sadako ogata was meeting here tuesday with government officials to discuss the repatriation of thousands of bosnian refugees who fled their homes to croatia  .
zambian president fredrick chiluba on tuesday sent a busload of government and foreign journalists to zaire to check media reports that he was born there and was thus ruling zambia illegally  .
the draw for the  football world cup draw will go ahead here on december  despite worries over the industrial strikes currently paralysing the french capital , it was announced on tuesday  .
second prime minister hun sen has warned that demonstrations may be arranged at the french and us embassies here if western countries do not stop interfering with cambodia 's internal affairs  .
norway has been asked to send additional troops to former yugoslavia , a foreign ministry official confirmed on tuesday  .
six gulf arab states will likely earn more from crude oil exports in  than last year due to a price improvement caused by strong world demand , the state-run emirates industrial bank -lrb- eib -rrb- said on tuesday  .
traffic carried by the shuttle train service through the tunnel beneath the channel increased sharply in november , the operating company eurotunnel said on tuesday  .
the chinese government on tuesday called on all taiwanese political parties to give up ideas of independence from the communist mainland  .
plo leader yasser arafat marked the first month since the assassination of yitzhak rabin by saying his death was a loss for the palestinian people  .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- is trying to eliminate the deficit in its federal budget through an increase in fees on services and other non-oil revenues , an official said on tuesday  .
a -year-old man committed suicide here by cutting his throat with a chain saw , firemen said tuesday  .
hundreds of kuwaiti , us and british troops in tanks and armored vehicles staged war games in the kuwaiti desert south of iraq , firing live machine gun rounds and missiles , a newspaper said tuesday  .
president bill clinton 's chances of re-election may be improving in opinion polls , but the decision by several democratic lawmakers to retire could spoil his party 's bid to recapture congress from the republicans in   .
bangladesh 's election commission on tuesday set up a special unit to maintain peace during parliamentary elections next month  .
philippine president fidel ramos on tuesday ordered a -day unilateral christmas ceasefire , during which the military may not attack moslem or communist insurgents unless provoked  .
us special envoy dennis ross began talks here tuesday with syrian president hafez al-assad to find ways of unblocking peace negotiations with israel  .
portugal has vetoed any participation by indonesian troops in the international peace force for bosnia , portuguese foreign minister jaime gama said here  .
the israeli army jailed a jewish settler and restricted the movements of three others on tuesday `` for security reasons , '' a military spokesman said  .
spanish and italian police have arrested  suspected mafia members in a joint operation in spain and italy , spanish police announced tuesday  .
shares here gained in early trading tuesday , as the london market followed overnight gains on wall street and as traders expected a major bid for a ft-se  stock later this week , dealers said  .
the british company racal announced tuesday that it is to buy the telecommunications sector of british rail for  .
million pounds in the latest stage of the privatisation of britain 's rail network  .
seven british soldiers and three jeeps flew into sarajevo airport aboard a british royal air force plane early tuesday to join nato vanguard units sent to clear the way for the ,-strong peace enforcement force  .
an advance party of  us reconnaissance officers drove into this northeast bosnian town on tuesday to prepare for the deployment of up to , us combat troops in the region in the next few weeks , a un official said  .
the french franc recovered slightly in early trading on the european markets tuesday after its slump monday , as dealers focussed on the on - going strikes in france , with little trade in other currencies  .
a team of us and dutch astronomers has confirmed the existence of a second black hole by using the orbiting hubble space telescope , the national aeronautics and space administration -lrb- nasa -rrb- said  .
the nato headquarters for the implementation of the bosnia peace accord will be temporarily based in the croatian capital of zagreb , a un military source said here tuesday  .
italy must bring forward its deficit reduction plan by one year if it wants to take part in european monetary union in  , italian prime minister lamberto dini said tuesday  .
the african development bank signed an agreement with the nordic development fund here tuesday , cementing a four-year-old relationship of funding projects together  .
the right-wing hindu government of the western indian state of maharashtra put police on alert on tuesday to preempt violence on the third anniversary on wednesday of the razing of the babri mosque  .
the upper house of the indian parliament was abruptly adjourned tuesday after an anonymous caller claimed that a bomb had been hidden under the chair of a lawmaker from the main opposition party  .
iran has invited several senior un human rights representatives to visit the country for the first time since  in a sign of new openness , un officials said tuesday  .
moslem militants killed three christians and a village guard in an attack on a poultry farm in the south egypt province of minya , police said on tuesday  .
saudi arabia expressed hope on tuesday that king fahd would continue to lead the country despite his illness  .
sri lanka tuesday claimed victory in a -day battle to capture the tamil rebel citadel of jaffna in the north of the country and vowed to launch another onslaught against the guerrillas  .
tamil tiger guerrillas tuesday launched an abortive suicide attack against police in eastern sri lanka as the government formally declared the capture of the rebel citadel of jaffna , military sources said  .
north korea has declined an invitation to take part in the atlanta olympics next year , international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- director general francois carrard said tuesday  .
islamic fundamentalist gunmen killed an algerian journalist in algiers on tuesday in the second such murder in less than a week , security services said  .
the un high commissioner for human rights , jose ayala lasso , arrived in the troubled territory of east timor tuesday , indonesia 's official antara news agency reported  .
president nelson mandela and visiting us vice president al gore discussed the situation in nigeria on tuesday , as south africa continued to lead moves to isolate the nigerian junta following its execution of minority rights activists  .
french prime minister alain juppe offered an olive branch on tuesday to striking public sector workers who have paralysed the country for the past  days but refused to back down on social welfare reform  .
malaysia tuesday moved to assure its neighbors that its plan to scout for military equipment to upgrade its armed forces should not be interpreted as a threat to regional security  .
a local official of the zulu nationalist party inkatha has been shot dead by unknown assailants at a public rally in the kwazulu-natal province , police said tuesday  .
in a phrase which  press comment in many eu countries , the belgian daily le soir on tuesday described the transport strikes paralysing france as `` the first major crisis of european integration  .
malaysian defense minister syed hamid albar tuesday called for better cooperation among pacific rim countries in developing their aerospace and defense industries  .
a man armed with two grenades burst into a kindergarten classroom in the north ossetian capital vladikavkaz on tuesday and killed three children when the grenades exploded , interfax news agency reported  .
the malawi high court dismissed tuesday a defense plea for the discharge of cecilia kadzamira , constant companion of former president hastings kamuzu banda , on murder charges  .
anti-doping measures at the atlanta olympics will be reinforced by revolutionary detecting equipment , olympic chiefs said tuesday  .
percent on the cac  index by midday on tuesday , and some dealers attributed the recovery from a sharp fall on monday to signals that tensions behind strikes throughout the country might be easing  .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- has nearly completed a major gas project it launched four years ago as part of overall expansion in its large energy sector , operators said on tuesday  .
a man armed with two grenades burst into a kindergarten classroom in the north ossetian capital vladikavkaz on tuesday and killed three children when the grenades exploded , interfax news agency reported  .
saudi arabia 's minister of defense and aviation , prince sultan ibn abdel aziz , held talks here tuesday with the country 's religious leaders  .
rockets and artillery shells were fired tuesday at israeli army positions in south lebanon , but there were no injuries or damage , a military spokesman said  .
inter milan misfit paul ince was left out in the cold here on tuesday as england coach terry venables announced his squad to take on portugal  .
some , representatives of regional assemblies in kazakhstan voted tuesday in elections to the -seat senate , the upper house of the central asian republic 's parliament  .
militiamen of two   subclans loyal to warlord mohamed farah aidid clashed in south mogadishu tuesday , with witnesses reporting at least three gunmen killed  .
tamil tiger guerrillas tuesday launched an abortive suicide attack against police in eastern sri lanka , as the government declared the capture of the rebel citadel of jaffna , military officials said  .
islamic fundamentalist gunmen killed an algerian journalist here tuesday in the second such murder in less than a week , security services said  .
three children and their teacher died , and three others were missing tuesday after they were engulfed by a wall of water caused by the opening of sluice gates in a dam , officials said  .
nineteen people thought to be linked to a wave of bombings blamed on algerian islamic fundamentalists were arrested in the paris region and in three provincial cities on tuesday , police said  .
tamil guerrillas staged a daring but failed suicide attack in eastern sri lanka tuesday , as the government announced the capture of the rebel citadel of jaffna in the north of the country  .
the spanish government will file proceedings with the international court in luxembourg against the european commission if that body does not approve a capital increase for iberia airline , industry minister juan manuel eguiagaray warned on tuesday  .
us secretary of state warren christopher will visit the middle east in the middle of this month amid attempts to jumpstart stalled syrian - israeli peace talks , the us ambassador in cairo said on tuesday  .
south africa and the united states on tuesday completed a package of  new bilateral agreements that visiting vice president al gore said would mark `` a new partnership '' between the two countries  .
the european monetary system -lrb- ems -rrb- should be replaced by a simpler arrangement for countries which fail to qualify as founders of a single european currency , italian prime minister lamberto dini said on tuesday  .
dutch real estate investment group rodamco , a subsidiary of the  company , said tuesday that it had sold  london office buildings to british firm hemingway properties  .
elements of a fresh contingent of german medical corps troops left for croatia tuesday on the eve of an important vote in the german parliament to approve germany 's role in the bosnia peace implementation force  .
ukrainian president leonid kuchma declared his visit to china a success tuesday , saying he had learned much from the country 's economic reforms  .
gulf arab leaders sought here tuesday to agree on a new secretary general to head the gulf cooperation council -lrb- gcc -rrb- , delegates said  .
about  british soldiers and five jeeps arrived at sarajevo airport tuesday aboard three british royal air force planes to join nato vanguard units sent to prepare for the ,-strong peace enforcement force  .
a businessman standing for election to the russian parliament in the volga city of nizhny novgorod is currently in jail charged with stealing government funds and illegal currency operations , a local newspaper reported here  .
the first two witnesses in the trial of former italian premier giulio andreotti testified here tuesday on alleged relations between the mafia and the political establishment in palermo  .
an injured labourer died late tuesday bringing to three the number of people killed when police in southern china opened fire with machine guns to disperse rioting by hundreds of workers , reports said  .
manchester united 's controversial star eric cantona has been voted the most hated person in football  .
us secretary of state warren christopher will visit the middle east in the middle of this month as part of attempts to jumpstart stalled syrian-israeli peace talks , the us ambassador in cairo said on tuesday  .
organisers of the cash-strapped  winter olympics here said tuesday they would have to cut back on financial support for competitors ' traveling costs despite earlier pledges  .
the white house on tuesday ruled out a visit by president bill clinton to us troops in bosnia following the signing of the peace accord in paris next week  .
some  campaign workers for opposition parties have been arrested in the days leading up to run-off legislative elections in egypt set for wednesday , police and party sources said tuesday  .
bosnia 's ambassador to the united nations said he was repeatedly interrupted tuesday while addressing a red cross conference in a speech highly critical of international relief organizations  .
egypt intends to increase its diplomatic mission in iraq and reopen its commercial center in baghdad , a high level egyptian diplomatic source said , quoted by the arab daily al-hayat on tuesday  .
turkish prime minister tansu ciller won broad backing in the german parliament as well from the government tuesday for ankara 's bid to secure approval for a customs union between turkey and the european union  .
blue-chip stocks climbed here early tuesday , continuing the record - setting rally of the previous day after a brief pause several minutes after the market opened  .
british brewer whitbread announced tuesday its intention to build two hotels in the prestigious county hall , the former town hall which dominates the bank of london 's river thames opposite westminster  .
the assassin of prime minister yitzhak rabin will be formally charged with murder at a tel aviv court on wednesday and his two alleged accomplices will be accused of conspiracy , prosecutors said  .
south africa 's  coetzee was named the most outstanding female sportswoman at mid-size united states colleges here tuesday as part of an awards program honoring outstanding women at us schools  .
an -year-old drug addict stabbed six young people with a knife in hamburg , injuring them seriously , before being wounded himself in the hands and arms , police said tuesday  .
a bomb exploded tuesday in an office of the russian parliament in an assassination attempt against a member of the ultra-nationalist liberal democratic party , causing damage but no casualties , moscow echo radio reported  .
million residents in kuwait are foreigners , many of them asians , according to official statistics published tuesday by the planning ministry  .
a top french general who was recalled from bosnia for criticising the dayton peace accord will not return to the balkans , french officials said tuesday  .
top un refugee official sadako ogata unveiled tuesday an ambitious three-phase plan for the repatriation of hundreds of thousands of refugees forced to flee their homes in nearly four years of war in the former yugoslavia  .
the dollar slipped against other major currencies except the yen here early tuesday in calm trading as the french franc remained under watch on the th day of strikes in france  .
president hafez al-assad indicated his determination to make `` progress '' in syria 's deadlocked peace negotiations with israel during lengthy talks here tuesday with us envoy dennis ross  .
the paris bourse staged a strong advance on tuesday , despite a continuing wave of strikes , as the cac  index reached , .
percent by comparison with the monday evening finish  .
palestinian gunmen shot and wounded two israeli soldiers , injuring one seriously , in this occupied west bank town on tuesday , an army spokesman said  .
hundreds of thousands of french people took to the streets in massive demonstrations across france tuesday against welfare reform plans by prime minister alain juppe , according to official and union figures  .
strained relations between india and pakistan have prevented world champion jansher khan from playing in the mahindra international challenge , which begins wednesday  .
bosnia 's ambassador to the united nations was repeatedly interrupted tuesday while addressing a red cross conference in a speech highly critical of international relief organizations , he and several other sources said  .
turkish police tuesday seized  kilograms -lrb-  lbs -rrb- of pure heroin hidden in compartments of a truck in the eastern city of van , security officials said  .
scores of people were arrested in a series of swoops in italy and spain tuesday as police cracked down on an alleged mafia network , police in both countries said  .
the western european union 's assembly will vote wednesday on the issue of french nuclear testing after defeating a motion questioning the body 's competence to discuss the matter  .
england are considering their first ever soccer tour of south africa next year , as a final warm-up for the european championships  .
the un operation lifeline sudan -lrb- ols -rrb- on tuesday welcomed a sudanese government decision to ease restrictions on relief flights to southern sudan from northwest kenya  .
between  and  demonstrators went on the rampage tuesday at the end of a paris demonstration against premier alain juppe 's welfare reforms , according to afp reporters  .
trade union leaders in germany have called for anti-nuclear demonstrations against president jacques chirac when he meets chancellor helmut kohl in baden-baden thursday for the twice-yearly franco-german summit  .
prime minister alain juppe clashed with former socialist premier laurent fabius tuesday in a censure debate over controversial welfare reforms  .
president bill clinton called tuesday for humanitarian aid to bosnia as a key to keeping the peace in the former yugoslavia  .
prime minister alain juppe will make a national tv and radio address tuesday evening on the current strike crisis , his press service said  .
former german ss captain erich priebke refused to answer questions tuesday over his role in the execution of  italians during the closing months of world war ii  .
another  palestinian police arrived in bethlehem on tuesday in preparation for the withdrawal of israeli troops from the west bank town by christmas , a senior official said  .
southeast asian countries have committed two billion rand -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- in trade and investment in south africa 's main commercial province of gauteng , provincial premier tokyo sexwale said tuesday  .
manager terry venables gave his broadest hint yet that he wants to take england into the  world cup when he called on the english football association to settle his future this month  .
russia is to dismantle its last three nuclear reactors currently producing plutonium for use in bombs under an agreement signed with the united states , an atomic energy ministry spokesman said on tuesday  .
king juan carlos of spain and former us president jimmy carter were tuesday awarded the unesco peace prize here in a ceremony attended by eight heads of state and un secretary-general boutros boutros-ghali  .
the dutch parliament is to discuss the role of dutch un troops during the fall of the bosnian enclave of srebrenica next week in open session in a fresh bout of agonised  over the issue  .
colombian soldiers can disobey their superiors if ordered to commit an `` atrocious crime '' or any other violent offense of basic human rights , the nation 's constitutional court has ruled  .
nigerian sports minister jim nwobodo rounded on the european union here on tuesday , accusing the eu of breaking international rules with its announcement of a sports boycott against his country  .
prime minister alain juppe vowed tuesday to press ahead with his controversial welfare reforms at the root of strikes that have paralysed france for the last  days  .
trade union leaders in germany have called for anti-nuclear demonstrations against president jacques chirac when he meets chancellor helmut kohl in baden-baden thursday for the twice-yearly franco-german summit  .
american troops taking part in nato 's peace enforcement mission in bosnia plan to build a bridge across the sava river , which marks the border between croatia and bosnia , to transport their equipment , a western diplomat said here tuesday  .
charles haley , a member of four super bowl championship teams , has retired from the dallas cowboys after medical tests showed he needs surgery to repair a herniated disk in his lower back  .
resting , sleeping and doing nothing are the favorite leisure pastimes of germans , according to a study published tuesday by the bat leisure research institute  .
more than , troops were deployed tuesday in the oil-rich state of zulia to maintain order after angry venezuelans protested the lack of official results from elections three days ago , sources said  .
an administrative court on tuesday ordered the results of the first round of egypt 's legislative elections to be canceled in  districts after complaints about fraud  .
nato foreign and defense ministers on tuesday endorsed a detailed plan to send a huge peace force to bosnia within days of a definitive peace deal being signed in paris next week  .
prime minister alain juppe proposed tuesday relaunching talks with unions over his controversial welfare reform plans , at the root of strikes which have paralysed france for the past  days  .
general pavel grachev ended on tuesday the first visit by a russian defense minister to israel with the two countries agreeing to boost military cooperation  .
prime minister alain juppe vowed tuesday to press ahead with his controversial welfare reforms , at the root of strikes that have paralysed france for the last  days  .
the path walked by jesus christ when he was arrested by the romans , years ago has been discovered in east jerusalem , israeli archaeologists said tuesday  .
copper fell back tuesday on the london metal exchange -lrb- lme -rrb- followed by aluminum because of poor fundamentals and liquidations , dealers said  .
market demand remained firm at the final winter mohair sale here tuesday , with about  percent of the bales on offer sold , the cape mohair board said  .
boris becker , aiming for a double in the season-ending tennis events , was made to fight all the way by frenchman cedric pioline in the six million dollar grand slam cup here on tuesday  .
us diplomats in lima are providing assistance to a -year-old american woman who has been arrested by peruvian authorities for terrorism , the state department said tuesday  .
italian prime minister lamberto dini said tuesday that the european union `` has to draw closer to its citizens '' and warned that a rushed program aimed at achieving economic and monetary union -lrb- emu -rrb- could cause splits  .
several senior saudi leaders visited king fahd in hospital late tuesday , the official spa news agency said  .
french public transport will remain at a standstill wednesday amid the continued standoff between unions and government which climaxed in a no-confidence debate tuesday evening , officials said  .
market demand remained firm at the final winter mohair sale here tuesday , with about  percent of the bales on offer sold , the cape mohair board said  .
mario lemieux , who missed last season while recovering from treatments for hodgkin 's disease , is back atop the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- scoring race through one-third of the season  .
between  and  demonstrators went on the rampage tuesday at the end of a paris demonstration against prime minister alain juppe 's welfare reforms , officials and eyewitnesses said  .
spanish prime minister felipe gonzalez met his british counterpart john major here tuesday for informal talks ahead of the european council meeting in spain later this month  .
a  delegation of french deputies will go to belgrade wednesday hoping to win the release of two french pilots shot down in a bombing mission over bosnia three months ago and believed captured  .
president bill clinton called tuesday for private humanitarian aid to bosnia while his republican predecessor george bush expressed qualified support for clinton 's bosnia policy  .
forty-three students are to be charged with riotous conduct after they went on the rampage armed with clubs and knives following a soccer match , police here said tuesday  .
saudi king fahd who was hospitalised last week reportedly suffering from a blood clot on his brain is `` doing well , '' the us state department said tuesday quoting saudi authorities  .
expectations of a reshuffle of the german government centring on the role of the free democrats , junior coalition partner of the ruling christian union parties , grew in bonn political circles tuesday evening  .
the leader of force ouvriere , a key union behind the strike action gripping france , said tuesday that prime minister alain juppe 's offer of new consultations was not enough , and that strikes would continue  .
the english swimming association are threatening legal action against french officials over their handling of an alleged drug case involving former world short-course  metres freestyle champion mark foster  .
israeli police on tuesday filed charges of premeditated murder against yitzhak rabin 's assassin and accused him of dreaming up ways with his brother and a friend of killing the prime minister  .
white house negotiators headed back into negotiations with republicans tuesday with a set of `` serious ideas '' for balancing the us budget in seven years , presidential spokesman mike mccurry said  .
french prime minister alain juppe tried tuesday to play down a crippling wave of strikes , but found himself the target of abuse when he referred to unemployed civil service workers instead of strikers  .
several senior saudi leaders visited king fahd in hospital late tuesday , the official spa news agency said  .
us secretary of state warren christopher said tuesday support was growing in the us congress for the deployment of , us troops as part of an international peace enforcement force in bosnia  .
rjr nabisco holdings corporation said tuesday that the company 's president , steven goldstone , would also take on the responsibilities of chief executive officer  .
at least seven people died when a tupolev airliner crashed on a domestic flight in azerbaijan on tuesday , interfax news agency said  .
a no-confidence motion tabled by opposition deputies against conservative prime minister alain juppe over his welfare reform plans was massively defeated in a vote tuesday night , officials said  .
key union leaders on tuesday hit out at prime minister alain juppe 's offer of new consultations on his welfare reform plans , two of them vowing immediately that strikes would continue  .
swedish finance minister goeran persson said tuesday he would stand for the post of leader of the ruling social democrat party after the resignation of prime minister ingvar carlsson next march  .
the assassin of prime minister yitzhak rabin is to be defended by a lawyer from a west bank jewish settlement , and his costs will be met by a jewish american organization , state television said tuesday  .
following is the full text of the charges against the assassin of prime minister yitzhak rabin published on tuesday  .
an arbitrator ruled tuesday that center alexei yashin 's contract with the ottawa senators is valid and binding , averting a possible free agency crisis in the national hockey league  .
bosnia 's ambassador to the united nations was repeatedly interrupted tuesday while addressing a red cross conference in a speech highly critical of international relief organizations , he and several other sources said  .
two children of the `` house of horrors '' couple fred and rosemary west , who tortured and killed ten young women , will tell wednesday how they were beaten and sexually abused in a horrifying reign of terror  .
michael chang , whose astonishing energy pitched him into the atp championship final two weeks ago , crashed out in the first round of the six million dollar grand slam cup here on tuesday  .
psv eindhoven survived a succession of goalmouth scares and the loss of their goalkeeper on tuesday to reach the uefa cup quarter-finals at the expense of struggling werder bremen  .
un high commissioner for refugees sadako ogata arrived in belgrade late on tuesday on the third leg of her tour of the former yugoslavia , unhcr officials said here  .
the  nobel literature prizewinner , irish poet seamus heaney , arrived in stockholm tuesday for five days of celebration before he officially receives what he called the `` awesome prize '' at a ceremony here december   .
billy owens , number two scorer for the surprisingly strong miami heat , will miss the next seven to  days of the national basketball association season with a right shoulder bruise  .
the royal bank of canada on tuesday posted profits of  .
billion dollars canadian -lrb-  million dollars us -rrb- in  , up eight percent compared to the previous fiscal year  .
at least  people died and several were injured when a tupolev passenger plane carrying  people crashed on a domestic flight in azerbaijan on tuesday , interfax news agency said  .
german chancellor helmut kohl on tuesday sent his congratulations to the new nato secretary-general , javier solana , assuring him of his `` total support , '' kohl 's office said in a statement  .
nottingham forest booked their place in the uefa cup quarter-finals here on tuesday night , holding lyon to a hard-fought - draw after having won the home leg -  .
cuban leader fidel castro may still hold the reins in cuba , but that did n't stop a conservative us political group from issuing a guide tuesday to life without him  .
mexican president ernesto zedillo reiterated tuesday he would not agree to impunity for corrupt officials , a remark that could have implications for former president carlos salinas  .
sweden , the only european union country which has not yet recalled its ambassador from nigeria , intends to do so soon although no formal decision has yet been taken , foreign minister len hjelm-wallen said tuesday , according to tt news agency  .
the number of sectarian murders in northern ireland has fallen dramatically since the  ceasefires declared by paramilitary groups , but punishment beatings have risen sharply , the british government disclosed tuesday  .
white house negotiators resumed budget talks with republicans tuesday , offering what the administration said were `` serious ideas '' to overcome an impasse over how to balance the budget in seven years  .
the mexican stock market slipped tuesday , while the caracas exchange was up and share prices in buenos aires and lima remained stable  .
former european champions bayern munich , barcelona , psv eindhoven and nottingham forest all booked their places in the uefa cup quarter - finals on tuesday night  .
former european champions bayern munich , barcelona , psv eindhoven and nottingham forest all booked their places in the uefa cup quarter - finals on tuesday night  .
two swedish footballers , pelle  and patrik svensson , will probably join the chinese team wanda for the  season  .
the dollar fell back tuesday against other major currencies as traders waited for the release of november unemployment figures  .
authorities in mexico city , considered one of the most polluted cities in the world , announced on tuesday new restrictions on cars and industries to reduce air pollution  .
the eight south american nations that contain portions of the amazon jungle have agreed to form a permanent secretariat as part of an accord signed here tuesday  .
at least  people were killed and several seriously injured when a tupolev passenger plane carrying  people crashed on a domestic flight in azerbaijan on tuesday , interfax news agency said  .
grain and soy product prices rose sharply tuesday on the chicago futures market  .
sri lankan cricket manager duleep mendis has brushed aside fresh rumblings over the action of one of the side 's key bowlers -- off - spinner muttiah muralidharan  .
a french magistrate on tuesday charged two top officials of bouygues , one of the world 's biggest construction companies , with corruption - related offences over a  slush fund scandal , reliable sources said here  .
president bill clinton called tuesday for private humanitarian aid to bosnia and said efforts to rebuild the devastated region must include the pursuit of war criminals  .
up to  private universities here could be closed because of a new law requiring them to meet certain standards in regards to facilities and  ratios , a salvadoran official said tuesday  .
on the richter scale shook eastern turkey late tuesday , causing a number of injuries in tunceli province , the anatolia news agency reported  .
two greenpeace ships seized by the french navy during protests of nuclear testing at mururoa atoll in september will not be returned to the ecological movement , a french polynesian court ruled tuesday  .
- yen here in early morning trading wednesday , compared with  .
- yen here in early morning trading wednesday , compared with  .
share prices opened slightly higher on the tokyo stock exchange on wednesday , with the nikkei stock average rising  .
a man using a   discovered a hoard of  roman gold coins , including some from the reign of the emperor nero , in a field near oxford , the times reported wednesday  .
more than  people were killed and dozens injured when a tupolev passenger plane carrying  people crashed on a domestic flight in azerbaijan on tuesday , itar-tass news agency said  .
the rwandan government said tuesday it was prepared to consider a three-month extension of the un assistance mission in rwanda -lrb- unamir -rrb- with a revised mandate and a smaller presence , according to western diplomats  .
beef was taken off the menu in hundreds of british schools tuesday as government scientists failed to calm fears over the spread of `` mad cow disease  .
simpson , whose sensational murder trial grabbed worldwide attention this year , has discussed a possible interview with cable news network -lrb- cnn -rrb- , a cnn spokesman said tuesday  .
nigeria 's military regime took a step towards giving up power tuesday when it set up three new bodies as part of a planned transition to civilian rule within the next three years , presidency spokesman david attah said  .
swedish foreign trade minister mats hellstroem demanded tuesday that the swedish war munitions inspection -lrb- kmi -rrb- investigate charges that a swedish company paid bribes to thai officials in a bid to win a submarine contract  .
administrative courts on tuesday ordered the results of the first round of egypt 's general elections to be canceled in  of the country 's  constituencies after complaints about fraud , court officials said  .
white house negotiators resumed budget talks with republican lawmakers tuesday , promising to present its plan to balance budget in seven years by the end of the week , participants said  .
on the richter scale tuesday shook  , east timor , leaving some buildings damaged , a meteorology official said wednesday  .
the head of sony usa , michael  , is resigning , the company said in a statement released tuesday  .
advertising expenditures rose seven percent this year and should go up just as much next year for the third rise in as many years , according to industry analysts  .
us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of  .
percent this year , the first negative figures for gross domestic product in four years , economy minister juan  said tuesday  .
controversial former auckland coach john hart was wednesday named as the coach of new zealand 's rugby all blacks , taking over from laurie mains who retired at the end of the french tour last month , the new zealand rugby football union -lrb- nzrfu -rrb- council decided wednesday  .
president suharto 's younger half brother   sucipto , who recently died in the netherlands , was buried in yogyakarta , central java on tuesday , the state news agency reported wednesday  .
share prices rose sharply on the tokyo stock exchange on wednesday morning , with domestic investors returning to the market on growing optimism , brokers said  .
a giant nuclear protest billboard featuring the french flag painted across bare female buttocks was re-erected here wednesday , a month after its removal was ordered by the city council  .
said tuesday they would resume talks in a bid to end a two-month work stoppage  .
million yuan -lrb- , dollars -rrb- were sentenced to death in beijing , reports said wednesday  .
two greenpeace ships seized by the french navy during protests of nuclear testing at mururoa atoll in september will not be returned to the ecological movement , a french polynesian court ruled tuesday  .
early returns from a weekend legislative vote here tuesday showed that a retired army commander who led a failed coup had lost the governor 's race even though most of his opponents had conceded defeat  .
the un high commissioner for human rights jose ayala lasso in the east timor capital of dili questioned the  massacre there in which scores of civilians were shot by the military , the official antara news agency reported wednesday  .
the first edition of the asia times , a regional business daily billed as asia 's answer to the wall street journal and the financial times , rolled off the presses in three asian cities wednesday  .
a suicide attack and an ambush on police by tamil tiger guerrillas in eastern sri lanka killed at least  constables , defense sources said wednesday  .
the first of indonesia 's new generation `` c '' series telecommunication satellites is to be launched from the united states in january , a spokesman of pt satelindo which owns the satellite said wednesday  .
a four-year  million dollar -lrb-  million us -rrb- plan to speed australia down the information superhighway into a new high-tech millenium was unveiled by prime minister paul keating wednesday  .
south korea 's ruling party on wednesday changed its name , calling itself the `` new korea party , '' in a bid to distance itself from two disgraced former generals-turned-president , a spokesman said  .
shanghai 's international telephone connection has broken down , the shanghai post and telecommunication -lrb- spt -rrb- bureau said wednesday  .
china on wednesday ordered local authorities to immediately pay arrears on value-added and consumption taxes , which are the government 's main revenue sources , reports said  .
jailed ex-president chun doo-hwan is refusing food in protest against incumbent president kim young-sam 's breach of his promise not to punish him , his aides said wednesday  .
south korea 's ruling party on wednesday changed its name , calling itself the `` new korea party , '' in a bid to distance itself from two disgraced former generals-turned-president , a spokesman said  .
the dollar was steady against the yen and the mark here wednesday , with investor sentiment towards the us unit improving after recent declines , dealers said  .
australia on wednesday welcomed indonesia 's choice of a senior career diplomat as its new ambassador to canberra after the nomination of general herman mantiri was withdrawn last july  .
percent higher on wednesday , with domestic investors returning to the market as buyers on the back of growing optimism about near-term prospects , brokers said  .
forty-nine people were killed and  injured when a tupolev passenger plane crashed on a domestic flight in azerbaijan on tuesday , interfax news agency said , quoting an investigator into the accident  .
china has repeated assurances that no shadow government will be set up in hong kong before the handover of the territory to beijing in  , a chinese official said wednesday  .
john hart was appointed new zealand 's new national rugby coach on wednesday and living up to his controversial background promised a more outgoing all black side  .
as france 's crippling transport strike approaches the end of its second week , manufacturers and distributors are beginning to feel the pinch , while toy makers and vendors fear a disastrous christmas  .
tamil tiger guerrillas have launched an all-out recruitment drive in an attempt to push back sri lankan troops who wrested control of their former stronghold of jaffna , tamil sources said wednesday  .
japanese share prices closed one percent higher on wednesday , with the key nikkei stock average ending above , for the first time since january   .
prime minister yitzhak rabin 's self-confessed assassin , law student yigal amir , was formally charged in a tel aviv court with premeditated murder on wednesday  .
sri lanka president chandrika kumaratunga on wednesday offered an amnesty to tamil tiger guerrillas in a national address to mark the military victory in taking the rebel bastion of jaffna  .
prime minister yitzhak rabin 's confessed assassin , law student yigal amir , was formally charged in a tel aviv court with premeditated murder on wednesday and his trial set for december   .
general dmitry  , head of the russian presidential commission on prisoners-of-war who fell victim to stalin 's terror , died early wednesday in hospital aged  , interfax news agency reported  .
former south korean president chun doo-hwan has launched a hunger protest in his prison cell and is morbidly contemplating death , bitter at what he sees as betrayal by president kim young-sam , his aides said wednesday  .
gulf arab leaders were set to condemn president saddam hussein for the suffering of his people and the continuation of un economic sanctions in a tough final communique at their annual summit here wednesday  .
prime minister yitzhak rabin 's confessed assassin , law student yigal amir , was formally charged in a tel aviv court with premeditated murder on wednesday and his trial set for december   .
gulf arab leaders were set wednesday to condemn iraqi president saddam hussein for the suffering of his people and the continuation of un economic sanctions in a tough statement at their annual summit  .
former president roh tae-woo and a dozen people linked to south korea 's massive slush-fund scandal will be put on trial from december  , judges said on wednesday  .
guerrillas attacked an israeli patrol in the occupied security zone in south lebanon on wednesday leaving several casualties , security sources said  .
armed robbers stole a car rented by a french diplomat in nairobi and left the driver in a forest after stripping him naked , beating him and taking , kenyan shillings -lrb- about  dollars -rrb- , newspapers reported wednesday  .
president boris yeltsin has signed legislation on formation of the upper house of parliament , which is to group elected regional leaders , interfax news agency reported wednesday  .
a bomb which exploded in an russian parliament office in an assassination bid against an ultra-nationalist deputy consisted of three grenades and a timer , russian police said wednesday , quoted by interfax  .
the saudi news media on wednesday showed king fahd greeting visitors for the first time since he was admitted to hospital a week ago  .
an influenza epidemic has broken out in moscow after a four-year lull and medical students are to bolster staff at the city 's clinics , the head of the moscow health department told interfax news agency wednesday  .
enraged troops torched  villages , killed two people and  more than  others in a revenge rampage after a soldier was murdered by villagers in a  brawl , police said wednesday  .
an israeli soldier and four guerrillas were killed in a clash in the occupied security zone in south lebanon on wednesday , security sources said  .
percent in october compared to october  and climbed  .
percent in the period january-october against the same period last year , the national statistics office said wednesday  .
two key french unions called wednesday for nationwide strikes to `` intensify , '' after rebuffing an offer of talks by prime minister alain juppe over his controversial welfare reform plans  .
australia 's anti-doping agency called on world swimming federation officials on wednesday to resign over their failure to enforce an effective drug testing program  .
foreign minister ehud barak proposed to syria on wednesday a full of range of talks to reach a peace treaty and an israeli withdrawal from the golan heights  .
china , north and south korea , mongolia and russia are to sign long - awaited agreements wednesday at the united nations in new york aimed at breathing new life into plans for a north asian economic zone  .
chancellor helmut kohl on wednesday asked hesitant germans to support sending , soldiers to join the international peacekeeping force in the former yugoslavia  .
two managers of state enterprises in sichuan province were executed last week for embezzling more than half a million dollars , the people 's court news reported wednesday  .
the labor unrest which is severely disrupting economic activity across france , notably hitting postal services , has boosted traffic on the internet , according to officials who monitor the worldwide electronic network  .
herewith are details on the deployment of nato forces in ex - yugoslavia  .
jordan 's king hussein held talks wednesday with israeli prime minister shimon peres on his first visit to amman since succeeding assassinated yitzhak rabin , officials said  .
percent in october from a revised gain of o .
percent in september , seasonally-adjusted official figures showed on wednesday  .
three farmers were beheaded during a rebel attack on a village in eastern sierra leone , military authorities announced wednesday  .
at least a dozen people were detained by the indonesian authorities in the runup to a visit to east timor by the top un representative on human rights , sources said wednesday  .
china has made the olympic rhythmic gymnastic competition as a wild card , atlanta organising committee head billy payne said here wednesday  .
south korean prosecutors on wednesday launched an intensive investigation into slush funds transferred by jailed ex-president roh tae-woo to politicians  .
four guerrillas and a soldier were killed wednesday when an israeli patrol ambushed a group of gunmen trying to infiltrate the border `` security zone '' in south lebanon , security sources said  .
the sri lanka team closed ranks wednesday around young off-spinner muttiah muralidharan whose bowling action has come in for increasing attention  .
the cambodian government on wednesday lashed out at its critics , releasing a five-page statement that said negative and exaggerated reports were giving the two-year-old government a `` bad reputation  .
percent higher on wednesday , with the key nikkei stock average ending above , for the first time since january  , but other asian markets were weakened by profit-taking  .
the bundesbank held its base repurchase rate at  .
percent under a regular -day arrangement on wednesday when it made available a net amount of  .
leaders of germany 's free democratic party , junior partner in chancellor helmut kohl 's centre-right coalition , held a crisis meeting wednesday amid speculation about the resignation of economy minister guenter rexrodt , one of the party 's three ministers  .
gunmen shot dead a supporter of the ruling national democratic party on wednesday as voting opened in parliamentary election run-offs , police said  .
the franc fell early on wednesday as strikers tightened their stranglehold on the french economy after the government had tempered toughness over reforms with hints of compromise over details  .
shares here fell slightly in early trading wednesday , with some profit taking and britain 's industrial production data which showed a  .
lecturers at swaziland university began a two-day strike wednesday for better pay and working conditions , the south african press association reported  .
the wives of two french air force pilots missing in bosnia since august have written to president jacques chirac demanding that the bosnian peace accords not be signed until their husbands are freed  .
visiting us vice president al gore tried his hand at  wednesday when he toured a us-sponsored training center in this industrial area near johannesburg  .
the duchess of york 's diamond bracelet and necklace , stolen on a new york to london flight monday , have been recovered in new york , british airways said wednesday  .
the united states will return thousands of documents the haitian government said were seized during last year 's us military occupation of the country , the washington post said wednesday  .
malawian government officials and international donors were wednesday frantically preparing details of the aid the southern african state will seek at the paris consultative group meeting next week  .
a saudi diplomat was named on wednesday as the new secretary general of the gulf cooperation council -lrb- gcc -rrb- , an economic and security grouping of the six oil-rich gulf arab states , a gulf delegate said  .
gunmen shot dead a supporter of president hosni mubarak 's ruling party on wednesday as violence flared during second-round voting in egypt 's turbulent parliamentary elections  .
the french franc stabilised on european currency markets wednesday morning after its rally tuesday night , while the dollar and sterling both lost some ground  .
at least seven people were injured wednesday in a bomb blast in the northern indian state of punjab , the press trust of india said  .
some , serbs from bosnia-hercegovina are leaving three villages which are to revert to the croat-moslem federation under the dayton peace accord , a spokesman for the international committee of the red cross -lrb- icrc -rrb- said wednesday  .
president jacques chirac on wednesday backed prime minister alain juppe in his fight with unions over controversial welfare reforms , officials said  .
four guerrillas and a soldier were killed wednesday when an israeli patrol ambushed a group of gunmen trying to infiltrate the border `` security zone '' in south lebanon , security sources said  .
gulf arab leaders were set wednesday to condemn a deadly car bombing in saudi arabia last month and express deep concern over the `` increase in terrorist attacks '' in the region  .
president jacques chirac on wednesday expressed his complete backing for prime minister alain juppe in his fight with unions over controversial welfare reforms , officials said  .
the french government reduced its forecast figure for growth of the economy this year to  .
a european consortium said wednesday it was setting up a joint venture to boost its bid to become the western partner helping china and south korea develop a -seater jet , in a further sign it was near to winning the hotly-contested deal  .
lawmakers traded insults and exchanged blows in the legislature of the western indian state of maharashtra on wednesday on the third anniversary of the razing of the babri mosque by hindu extremists  .
a group of managers of private foreign exchange offices have been arrested for illegal currency dealing , the independent akhbar al-youm newspaper reported wednesday  .
at least seven people were injured in a powerful bomb blast in the city of ludhiana in the northern indian state of punjab on wednesday , the press trust of india said  .
saudi arabia lifted a veil of mystery on wednesday when it showed king fahd greeting visitors for the first time since he was admitted to hospital a week ago  .
chile and colombia have signed a bilateral agreement to stimulate two - way trade currently worth about  million us dollars , the chilean foreign ministry said  .
russia may back a french proposal to provide extra security guarantees for serbs living in sarajevo but is against any revision of the dayton peace accord , a senior foreign ministry official told interfax news agency wednesday  .
the organisation for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- will send more than  parliamentarians from  countries to observe the russian legislative elections set for december  , an osce statement said here wednesday  .
southeast asian shipowners wednesday agreed on a blueprint aimed at coping with increasing regulatory requirements , especially western anti-pollution laws  .
three navy officers have been sentenced from two to eight years in prison for their role in the murder  years ago of a university professor suspected of being a guerrilla  .
rebels from taiwan 's ruling kuomintang -lrb- kmt -rrb- wednesday launched a drive to replace president lee teng-hui as party head , despite a decision to delay the expulsion of two maverick party vice-chairmen  .
the washington-based interamerican development bank will lend peru  .
billion dollars over the next three years for development programs in several sectors , idb officials said here  .
heavy snow across the bosnian capital on wednesday delayed the arrival of nine nato planes carrying men and equipment ahead of the deployment of the alliance 's peace implementation force , officials said  .
south african promoter mike segal said wednesday that a rematch ordered by the world boxing organization between junior flyweight champion jacob `` baby jake '' matlala of south africa and former champ paul weir of scotland will take place in johannesburg early next year  .
president jacques chirac on wednesday expressed his complete backing for prime minister alain juppe in his fight with unions over controversial welfare reforms , officials said  .
germany wants a future single currency to be called the  in germany , finance minister theo waigel said on wednesday shortly after the the benelux governments had also opted for the euro  .
russian foreign minister andrei kozyrev wednesday maintained moscow 's steadfast opposition to nato 's planned enlargement in eastern europe , in advance of a meeting with the us secretary of state  .
italian prime minister lamberto dini and his british counterpart john major opened their annual bilateral summit here wednesday  .
gulf arab leaders on wednesday condemned president saddam hussein 's government for prolonging the suffering of iraqis and urged it to comply immediately with un demands imposed after the  gulf war  .
sales of french wines to sweden have slumped by  percent since officials here called for a boycott to protest at nuclear tests in the south pacific , the daily dagens nyheter said wednesday  .
an international conference starting here friday will lay the groundwork for implementing the peace plan agreed in the united states last month for rebuilding a bosnia ravaged by more than three years of war  .
qatar 's emir sheikh hamad ibn khalifa al-thani on wednesday boycotted the final session of the gulf cooperation council -lrb- gcc -rrb- summit to protest the naming of a saudi as gcc secretary general , delegates said  .
brewer and leisure group bass plc announced pre-tax profits of  million pounds sterling -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- wednesday , up  percent on last year , despite a slow-down in its leisure business caused by britain 's national lottery  .
the german bundestag -lrb- lower house -rrb- voted wednesday by a wide majority to send around , german soldiers to the former yugoslavia to support the international peace force for bosnia  .
forty-five military officers from the nato force that is to implement the bosnia peace accord arrived here wednesday to set up the temporary heaquarters of the alliance 's operation ahead of the full deployment  .
kenyans go to the polls on thursday in by-elections for two key parliamentary seats that could indicate how far president daniel arap moi 's ruling kenya african national union -lrb- kanu -rrb- party has made inroads into leading opposition strongholds in the country  .
angolan president jose eduardo dos santos on wednesday left on a visit to the united states , where he said he would ask for further international aid in rebuilding his country after two decades of civil war  .
qatar 's emir sheikh hamad ibn khalifa al-thani on wednesday walked out of a gulf arab summit to protest the naming of a saudi as gulf cooperation council secretary general , delegates said  .
the us index of leading economic indicators , the government 's main economic forecasting gauge , fell  .
percent in october , the commerce department said wednesday  .
pakistani authorities incinerated more than  tonnes of seized opium , heroin , hashish and chemicals used in drug-making here wednesday  .
billion dollars -rrb- in september , official figures showed on wednesay , surprising some analysts who had expected a figure of  .
billion marks owing to the mark 's strength  .
five people were killed and  injured in egypt on wednesday during run-off parliamentary elections , police and opposition parties said  .
the european union has decided to look between the lines of an alliance between bertelsmann and deutsche telekom with america online to see if it conceals any threat to competition in the european on - line information industry , the commission said on wednesday  .
the death toll in a suicide attack and an ambush on police by tamil tiger guerrillas in eastern sri lanka has risen to at least  , including  constables , defense sources here said wednesday  .
swedish industrial group skf , the world 's largest manufacturer of ball bearings , will form a joint venture with private german company ina , skf said wednesday  .
two managers of state enterprises in sichuan province were executed last week for embezzling more than half a million dollars , the people 's court news reported wednesday  .
qatar 's emir sheikh hamad ibn khalifa al-thani on wednesday walked out of a gulf arab summit in an unprecedented protest over the naming of a saudi as the new head of the gulf cooperation council  .
russian president boris yeltsin has signed a law on formation of the upper house of parliament stipulating that its regional leaders will have to be elected rather than appointed , interfax news agency reported wednesday  .
the mark 's relative fragility on wednesday boosted the dollar and the french franc on the london forex market , as the franc moved back below  .
to the mark despite continued large-scale strikes in france  .
moslem militants injured three policemen , one seriously , in a failed attempt to murder the deputy head of security in the southern minya province on wednesday , police said  .
president jacques chirac of france and german chancellor helmut kohl are expected to announce the `` pegging '' of the franc and mark , london 's evening standard newspaper reported wednesday  .
at least  people were injured in a powerful bomb blast in the city of ludhiana in the northern indian state of punjab on wednesday , the press trust of india said  .
a five-day international conference on aids began here wednesday aimed at charting global guidelines on protecting the rights of sufferers , spreading awareness and fighting the disease  .
france , under fire for its nuclear tests in the south pacific , said wednesday it would complete the program in february of next year rather than may as originally planned  .
four syrian-backed guerrillas and a soldier were killed wednesday when an israeli patrol ambushed a group trying to infiltrate the border `` security zone '' in south lebanon , security sources said  .
a us c hercules transport plane flew in to the un airbase at tuzla , northern bosnia , wednesday making the first flight into the military airfield in over one and a half years , un spokesman   said  .
china has become one of moscow 's leading military partners , russian defense minister pavel grachev said wednesday during talks with liu huaqing , vice-chairman of china 's powerful central military commission  .
roy keane 's chances of playing in the republic of ireland 's crunch european championship decider against holland at anfield next week were fading on wednesday after it was revealed that he is yet to resume full training  .
finnish opposition to the european union is on the rise almost one year after the country joined the body , with  percent of finns against membership , a new poll showed wednesday  .
seven people were killed and  injured in egypt on wednesday when violence erupted during run-off parliamentary elections , police and opposition parties said  .
st helens rejected speculation on wednesday that welsh star scott gibbs could be set to follow the example of his compatriot jonathan davies and return to rugby union  .
ambitious first division outfit birmingham were expected on wednesday to clinch the signing of highly-rated barcelona striker ronnie ekelund  .
the tibetan government-in-exile said on wednesday that china would officially enthrone a rival candidate on friday as the reincarnation of the panchen lama , the second highest figure in tibetan buddhism  .
france , under fire for its nuclear tests in the south pacific , said wednesday it would complete the program in february of next year rather than may as originally planned  .
at least  people were killed and five captured when heavy fighting erupted again between the rahanwein resistance army -lrb- rra -rrb- and militiamen loyal to general mohamed farah aidid in the southwestern town of baidoa , rra spokesman mohamed nur  said wednesday  .
percent in october , the commerce department said wednesday  .
an arianespace launch planned for late wednesday , if successful , will be the th this year , a record for the french space agency , company chief francoise  said here  .
the rebel south sudan independence movementarmy -lrb- ssima -rrb- on wednesday accused the rival sudan people 's liberation movementarmy -lrb- splma -rrb- of abducting more than , minors and wounded men and sending them to fight against sudanese government forces  .
the union of arab journalists on wednesday denounced the `` cycle of violence '' in algeria where two journalists have been killed since the weekend  .
eleven people were killed and  injured in egypt on wednesday when violence erupted during run-off parliamentary elections , police and opposition parties said  .
a us c hercules transport plane flew in to the un airbase at tuzla , northern bosnia , wednesday making the first flight into the military airfield in over one and a half years , un spokesman   said  .
a row was brewing in the liberian capital wednesday after warlord and co-president charles taylor accused officials from un aid officials and other humanitarian agencies of discouraging liberian refugees from returning home  .
jordan may ask israel to upgrade its fleet of f- fighters in an unprecedented show of military cooperation between the two countries who last year signed a peace treaty , israeli radio said wednesday  .
senate majority leader bob dole , yielding to pressure from influential senators , has postponed debate on a resolution supporting deployment of us troops to bosnia in a nato peacekeeping mission  .
croats and serbs due to hand over land to each other under the terms of the dayton accords are carrying out a systematic `` scorched earth '' policy to ensure their adversaries take as little comfort as possible from the move , un officials said wednesday  .
french president jacques chirac warned serbia wednesday of diplomatic retaliation if the fate of two missing french pilots believed to be held by bosnian serbs is not revolved , officials said  .
italy 's constitutional court on wednesday rejected an appeal by former justice minister filippo mancuso against his dismissal  .
italian prime minister lamberto dini proposed on wednesday that there should be a study of the risks involved in having some european union members but not others take part in the third phase of economic and monetary union -lrb- emu -rrb-  .
angolan president jose eduardo dos santos left for the united states wednesday , where he said he would ask for further international aid in rebuilding his country , shattered by two decades of civil war  .
the paris bourse scored a substantial gain on wednesday as the cac  index finished the day at , .
percent by comparison with the tuesday evening close  .
un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali on wednesday said he regretted the us withdrawal from the united nations industrial development organisation -lrb- unido -rrb- , a statement said here  .
coffee prices on the london futures market plummeted over the last few days after a long spell at their peak , as speculators off-loaded contracts while demand remained stagnant  .
the swedish war munitions inspection -lrb- kmi -rrb- will investigate charges that the swedish company kockums paid bribes to thai officials in a bid to win a submarine contract , the watchdog said wednesday  .
france must change economic policy , charles pasqua , once known as the `  ' of the governing rpr party , urged on wednesday , suggesting relaxation of the strong franc policy and the launch of a massive national loan  .
the resignation of sony usa president and chief executive michael  is the latest chapter in a series of misfortunes for the japanese firm seeking to become a major player in hollywood  .
blue-chip stocks rose sharply wednesday , soaring over the ,-point barrier on momentum from their long rally streak and a plunge in long - term interest rates after a us economic report  .
un special envoy shaharyar khan on wednesday accused zaire and tanzania of giving political support to ``  '' in refugee camps who `` even went to the extent of killing people who wished to return home  .
the azerbaijan airlines office here on wednesday denied allegations that an airline plane which crashed tuesday during a flight between nakhichevan and baku had originally taken off from turkey  .
french president jacques chirac warned serbia wednesday of diplomatic retaliation if the fate of two missing french pilots believed to be held by bosnian serbs is not revolved , officials said  .
a tripartite force of croatian , bosnian and turkish troops began policing wednesday the northwest bosnian town of velika kladusa to encourage the return of some , rebel moslem refugees in croatia  .
mozambique faces three more years of  austerity , a government source said wednesday , as inflation remained alarmingly high at twice the targetted rate  .
the iraqi parliament has begun to debate a draft bill to set up local assemblies as part of proposed political reforms in the country , newspapers reported wednesday  .
a proposal by a leading member of turkey 's ultra-rightwing nationalist action party -lrb- mhp -rrb- for islamic prayers to be said in turkish sparked a bitter controversy within the party wednesday  .
president bill clinton basked in the growing support for his bosnia policy wednesday , telling a group of bipartisan backers that this is america 's chance to project its leadership around the world  .
birmingham city were charged wednesday by the football association -lrb- fa -rrb- with misconduct over crowd trouble at their first division match against millwall last month  .
the dollar firmed against other major currencies here wednesday in a moderately active market , boosted by technical buying after the greenback overcame resistance at  .
marks and speculation that germany will cut key interest rates  .
world number-one pete sampras defied a  to make a winning start to the lucrative grand slam cup here tuesday defeating fellow american patrick mcenroe - , - for a quarter-final slot  .
the duchess of york 's stolen diamonds were recovered in new york by the fbi after a massive transatlantic police hunt ending with the arrest of a young airport baggage handler , british airways said wednesday  .
cyprus would support the deployment of a multinational force including greek and turkish troops on the island if a solution to its -year division is found , an official said wednesday  .
three men , including a leading loyalist politician , were convicted here wednesday of conspiring to provide guns to an outlawed northern ireland loyalist paramilitary group , the ulster volunteer force  .
a bomb exploded wednesday at the home of two leading  of the ruling liberal party , causing damage but no injuries , police said  .
northampton  paul grayson and matt dawson will earn their first caps when england play western samoa at twickenham on december   .
several people died and around  were hurt when a double-decker bus fell into an austrian lake on wednesday , police said  .
a team of us negotiators will head to the balkans thursday to prepare for the implementation of the peace accord initialled last month in ohio , key negotiator richard holbrooke said wednesday  .
at least  people were injured in a powerful bomb blast in the city of ludhiana in the northern indian state of punjab on wednesday , the press trust of india said  .
a relief convoy carrying  tons of food , seeds , essential drugs and other supplies left here wednesday by road for liberia 's northwestern lofa county  .
italy 's centre-left alliance , a loose coalition which supports prime minister lamberto dini , called wednesday for early parliamentary elections to be held before june  when italy 's tenure of the european union presidency expires  .
five people were killed in a mine attack in eastern zaire where some million rwandan people are seeking refuge , zairean prime minister kengo wa dondo said wednesday  .
french president jacques chirac threatened serbia with military and diplomatic retaliation wednesday unless two missing french pilots believed held by rebel bosnian serbs were released safely , officials said  .
the index of leading economic indicators , the government 's main economic forecasting gauge , fell  .
percent in october , the commerce department said  .
montreal canadians star netminder patrick roy was sold to colorado -lrb-  nordiques -rrb- on wednesday in the wake of sunday 's dispute at the club  .
general dmitry  , the historian and head of the russian presidential commission on prisoners-of-war who fell victim to stalin 's terror , died early wednesday in hospital aged  , interfax news agency reported  .
an islamic contact group on bosnia will meet in a week 's time in london to discuss the peace agreement for the war-torn republic , egyptian foreign minister amr mussa said wednesday  .
four syrian-backed guerrillas and a soldier were killed wednesday when an israeli patrol ambushed a group trying to infiltrate the border `` security zone '' in south lebanon , security sources said  .
a labor peer confirmed wednesday what many britons have long suspected -- that the house of lords is a `` haven for old people  .
president bill clinton will consider extending the deployment of us troops in bosnia beyond one year , former national security advisor zbigniew brzezinski said wednesday  .
a human rights group urged wednesday that bosnian serb leaders radovan karadzic and ratko mladic , indicted for war crimes by an international tribunal , be taken into custody before us troops are deployed in bosnia  .
three people were killed because they were suspected of wanting to kidnap the son of a mafia godfather , judicial officials said wednesday  .
the trial of ian and kevin maxwell , the two sons of the press baron robert maxwell , before a london jury will end at the start of january after it was interrupted wednesday  .
south africa 's debt-ridden , state-owned  company , which extracts offshore gas and transforms it into petroleum products , is for sale , mineral and energy affairs minister pik botha said here wednesday  .
bordeaux reached the quarter-finals of the uefa cup at the expense of betis , who won - here on wednesday , after an extraordinary opening goal  .
rwanda is expelling  non-governmental organizations because they have `` failed in their mission , '' the rwandan rehabilitation ministry announced wednesday  .
russia hit out wednesday at accusations that it is taking too long to bring its industry into line with a major international treaty on protecting the earth 's ozone layer , saying it needed more time to conform to the convention  .
the rand stayed firm against the dollar in early trade here wenesday , opening at ,   to the greenback against a close of  .
president bill clinton will consider extending the deployment of us troops in bosnia beyond one year , former national security advisor zbigniew brzezinski said wednesday  .
at least seven people died and around  were hurt when a double - decker bus plunged into an austrian lake on wednesday after colliding head-on with a car , police said  .
the dollar remained firm against other major currencies here wednesday in a moderately active market , boosted by the weakened german mark  .
a un resolution condemning nigeria 's execution of nine activists last month and requesting a report on human rights in that country is to be taken up next week , diplomats here said wednesday  .
the white house on wednesday welcomed france 's announcement that it plans to play a more active role in nato 's military structure  .
israeli archaeologists cast doubt on wednesday on claims that the last path walked by jesus christ had been discovered in east jerusalem  .
uncapped  paul grayson and matt dawson were handed the chance of establishing a new axis in the england team announced on wednesday for the test match against western samoa on december   .
members of the un security council , as well as the rwandan government , all agree on the need to keep un peacekeepers in rwanda temporarily , acting council chairman sergey lavrov of russia said wednesday  .
kenyan president daniel arap moi began a three-day visit to germany wednesday by seeking to assure german business representatives of the opportunities for them in the east african country  .
a key customs union between turkey and the european union was practically assured of clearing its final hurdle wednesday after the two biggest political groupings in the european parliament said they would vote in favor  .
up to , adoring everton fans are set to welcome back striker duncan ferguson in a reserve team match after his -match ban was suspended by a judge on wednesday  .
france  out of a vote by deputies of the western european union -lrb- weu -rrb- here on wednesday that would have called on it to suspend its nuclear tests in the south pacific  .
the fbi said wednesday five small diamonds were still missing after the recovery of the duchess of york 's stolen jewels which came after the arrest of a young airport baggage handler  .
president bill clinton has decided to give in to some key demands by the republican majority in the lengthy budget battle in order to clear his desk for other business , the white house said wednesday  .
cyprus would support the deployment of a multinational force including greek and turkish troops on the island if a solution to its -year division is found , an official said wednesday  .
a team of us envoys will head to the balkans thursday to prepare for the implementation of the peace accord initialled last month in ohio , key negotiator richard holbrooke said wednesday  .
the united states is to provide technical assistance to the southern africa development community -lrb- sadc -rrb- to boost regional trade and investment strategies under the terms of a draft agreement signed wednesday by us vice president al gore  .
ten people died and  were hurt , one seriously when a german double - decker bus plunged into an austrian lake on wednesday after colliding head-on with a car , the austrian red cross said  .
president bill clinton vowed wednesday to increase efforts to find a cure for the deadly aids disease and protect research funds from falling under the budget axe  .
former italian premier silvio berlusconi dismissed wednesday proposals by italy 's centre-left alliance that the country should wait until the middle of next year before electing a new government  .
representatives from china , north and south korea , mongolia and russia signed long-awaited agreements here wednesday aimed at breathing new life into plans for a northeast asian economic zone  .
democrat ron  and republican gordon smith won primaries in oregon for state senator tuesday , the first ever undertaken by correspondence vote  .
london and dublin will seek to capitalize on the latest breakthrough in the northern ireland peace process , with ministerial and prime ministerial talks scheduled to take place within the next  days , irish prime minister john bruton said wednesday  .
the dutch bank internationale nederlanden groep -lrb- ing -rrb- opened its first branch in the middle east here on wednesday  .
president bill clinton vetoed the republican budget plan for next year , charging that its social spending cuts and tax breaks for the rich run counter to american values and commitments  .
un high commissioner for refugees sadako ogata left belgrade wednesday after a three-pronged visit to former yugoslavia designed to pave the way for the gradual repatriation of millions of displaced people of conflict in the region  .
president bill clinton vetoed the  republican budget plan wednesday , charging that its cuts in healthcare for the poor and elderly coupled with a tax hike undermine american values  .
foreign minister don mckinnon welcomed news thursday that france will complete its nuclear testing program in february next year rather than may  .
a russian passenger plane carrying  people disappeared from radar screens in the far east of the country on wednesday , interfax news agency said , quoting the ministry for emergency situations  .
two goalmouth clearances by panathinaikos skipper yannis  against nantes here on wednesday kept the score level at - and earned them top spot in their champions league group  .
ten-man glasgow rangers recovered from losing england international paul gascoigne to come away from borussia dortmund with a - draw in their final european champions league match here on wednesday  .
a key customs union between turkey and the european union was practically assured of clearing its final hurdle wednesday after the two biggest political groupings in the european parliament said they would vote in favor  .
nantes , legia warsaw , and real madrid were the final three qualifiers for the european champions league quarter-finals following wednesday 's last group matches  .
the us drug enforcement administration was the source of an investigation of swiss bank accounts held by raul salinas , the brother of ex-president carlos salinas , a swiss official said here wednesday  .
prices of grains and soy products , except soy oil , rose wednesday in the chicago futures market  .
nearly , people , including children younger than  , have been discovered working as virtual slaves on five ranches in the amazon state of sao paulo , police said wednesday  .
congressional leaders have agreed to back away from a plan to hold the computer industry responsible for transmission of pornography over the internet and other computer networks  .
the european union has decided to look between the lines of an alliance between bertelsmann and deutsche telekom with america online to see if it conceals any threat to competition in the european on - line information industry , the commission said wednesday  .
the dollar gained ground against major currencies wednesday as profit - taking hit the german mark  .
low and dropping coffee prices are spurring colombian  to look toward china , japan , south korea and europe to find new markets for their beans , officials said wednesday  .
a russian passenger plane carrying  people disappeared from radar screens in the far east of the country overnight wednesday , and rescue workers later located a fire close to where it vanished , officials said  .
share prices on the mexico city stock exchange closed up  .
pop star michael jackson was hospitalized late wednesday after falling ill while rehearsing for a television performance , an emergency medical services spokesman said  .
canada will deploy , troops in bosnia as part of the nato force implementing the bosnia peace agreement , canadian defense minister david collenette said wednesday  .
blue-chip stocks rallied at the end of a see-saw session wednesday during which the dow jones industrials topped the ,-point barrier , slumped and then ended within a fraction of the , mark  .
the conference board said wednesday it may work with the government to compile a variety of reports on the us economy in addition to the leading economic indicators  .
an unmanned ariane rocket blasted off late wednesday , carrying aloft a french telecom and an indian insat satellite  .
world bank president james wolfensohn set out wednesday to overhaul the top ranks of the international institution , appointing two new managing directors and setting up a new executive committee  .
an unmanned ariane rocket blasted off late wednesday and launched two satellites , one from french telecom and the second from indian insat  .
the portuguese government condemned thursday the indonesian invasion of east timor  years ago , saying jakarta 's continued occupation of the former portuguese territory was `` a constant challenge to the basic values and principles regulating relations between nations and peoples  .
the academy of motion picture arts and sciences transformed its lobby into a grand parisian cafe wednesday to celebrate the th anniversary of the first film played before a paying audience  .
- yen here in early morning trading thursday , compared with  .
share prices opened higher on the tokyo stock exchange on thursday , with the nikkei stock average rising  .
share prices opened higher on the tokyo stock exchange on thursday , with the nikkei stock average rising  .
former russian parliament speaker ruslan khasbulatov said wednesday that electoral fraud is taking place in chechnya in advance of december  elections in which he is standing , moscow 's commercial ntv television station reported  .
doctors and teachers here are baffled by the case of a -year-old girl who mysteriously started reading and writing backwards -- and then returned to normal after banging her head  .
pop star michael jackson was hospitalized late wednesday after collapsing while rehearsing for a television performance , an emergency medical services spokesman said  .
a special counsel will be hired to investigate allegations against house speaker newt gingrich , the chairwoman of the house ethics committee said wednesday  .
helicopters and other aircraft searched in darkness and mist early thursday for a russian airliner carrying  people that disappeared from radar screens in the far east of the country  .
australia 's unemployment rate eased to a seasonally adjusted  .
percent in october , the bureau of statistics announced thursday  .
us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of  .
a group of  east timorese protestors thursday broke into the dutch embassy compound and  scaled the fence of the russian embassy here on the th anniversary of indonesia 's invasion of east timor  .
japanese share prices were higher on the tokyo stock exchange on thursday morning on active foreign investor buying , which more than offset selling pressure from domestic institutional investors , brokers said  .
international trade and industry minister ryutaro hashimoto , widely expected to become japan 's next prime minister , may meet us president bill clinton next month , a newspaper reported thursday  .
south korean president kim young-sam will carry out a sweeping cabinet reshuffle around december  or  , yonhap news agency said thursday  .
a group of  east timorese protestors thursday broke into the dutch embassy compound and  scaled the fence of the russian embassy here on the th anniversary of indonesia 's invasion of east timor  .
pop star michael jackson was hospitalized late wednesday after collapsing while rehearsing for a television performance , an emergency medical services spokesman said  .
a fatwa or death sentence imposed on the satanic verses author salman rushdie is still valid , the iranian embassy said in a statement here thursday  .
korean airlines admitted wednesday illegally contributing , dollars to the  campaign of the first korean-american elected to congress , according to a federal indictment  .
-lrb- sec -rrb- of south korea is on the verge of sealing an unprecedented range of contracts , worth around  billion dollars , to provide us computer makers with memory chips over the next five years , a sec spokesman said thursday  .
china has for the first time unveiled some of the criteria it will use for choosing the man or woman who will head hong kong 's post- government , the hong kong press reported thursday  .
european consortium airbus industrie has offered malaysia 's national carrier a partnership deal to manufacture aircraft parts in malaysia , news reports said thursday  .
japanese prime minister tomiichi murayama will file an unprecedented lawsuit thursday , seeking a court order requiring okinawan governor masahide ota to force reluctant land owners to renew leases with the us forces , a justice ministry spokesman said  .
indonesian telecommunication firm pt satelindo has canceled its plan to raise money through a bond issue and plans instead to borrow up to  million dollars from the us export-import bank -lrb- eximbank -rrb- , a press report said here thursday  .
south korea 's entire armed forces were put on a special five-month alert thursday against a possible attack by north korea , which has been troubled by economic woes , the defense ministry said  .
a group of  supporters of east timorese independence thursday broke into the dutch embassy compound and  scaled the fence of the russian embassy on the th anniversary of indonesia 's invasion of east timor  .
sri lanka 's tamil tigers admitted thursday they lost  rebels in a suicide attack on police that sought to avenge the loss of their bastion in the northern jaffna peninsula  .
films from  countries have been submitted for consideration as the best foreign language film for the th annual academy awards  .
china is to launch a major breeding program to boost numbers of its most famous native animal , the endangered giant panda , a report said thursday  .
organizers of the  nagano winter olympics came under pressure on thursday to seek reprieve from a japanese law that bars those under age  from shooting firearms in sporting competition  .
more than a hundred demonstrators stormed into the compounds of the dutch and russian embassies here thursday in a dramatic protest marking the th anniversary of indonesia 's invasion of east timor  .
prosecutors investigating a  military coup on thursday questioned an  law commander as former south korean leader chun doo - hwan entered the fifth day of a hunger strike in prison  .
former south korean military leaders were questioned thursday on alleged corruption in massive arms procurement projects , including one to buy us f- jet fighters  .
malayan united industries -lrb- mui -rrb- has bought a -percent stake in a california-based multi-media entertainment company to strengthen its media presence worldwide , company officials said thursday  .
plans to absorb osaka credit cooperative around the middle of next year , jiji press reported thursday  .
japanese prime minister tomiichi murayama filed an unprecedented lawsuit thursday seeking a court order requiring okinawan governor masahide ota to force reluctant land owners to renew leases with us forces  .
chinese executives worldwide are to be hooked up to the internet via a  computer network that will help them exploit trade opportunities , officials said thursday  .
has given the go-ahead for what will be the world 's largest zinc mine -- the  .
billion australian dollar -lrb-  million us -rrb- century zinc project  .
million barrels of oil per day until  , mines and energy minister ida bagus sujana was thursday quoted by the bisnis indonesia daily as saying  .
ice hockey matches might be played in early afternoon at the  nagano winter olympics so that north american fans can watch their professional stars in prime time  .
percent higher thursday on renewed buying across a broad front by investors confident that the market has further to run near term , brokers said  .
the dollar was steady against the yen and the mark here thursday , with an absence of active participants limiting movements in either direction , dealers said  .
sri lanka 's influential buddhist clergy have welcomed the army 's capture of the former tamil rebel citadel of jaffna after a -day battle that left , dead on both sides  .
india has complained to the united states about the `` undiplomatic language '' used by a state department official responding to an indian minister 's charges of us interference in kashmir  .
china has a potential life insurance market of  million people based on current income levels , officials of australian insurer national mutual said here thursday  .
resumed trading thursday after being suspended for  trading days while the company recalled its share certificates to weed out forgeries  .
vietnam 's trade deficit has climbed to nearly two billion dollars for the first  months of the year , according to official figures from the ministry of trade published tuesday  .
four people were killed and four injured overnight in a crash involving two russian military helicopters in the northern caucasus , itar-tass news agency said  .
percent higher thursday on renewed buying across a broad front by investors confident that the market has further to run near term , brokers said  .
canadian television company canwest , which controls the network ten ltd .
television business , has threatened to pull out of australia if the government makes ownership too difficult  .
the indian parliament was adjourned within five minutes of sitting on thursday as opposition lawmakers angrily demanded the resignation of communications minister sukh ram for alleged corruption  .
percent lower in profit-taking thursday , dealers said  .
james reston , former editor of the new york times and winner of two pulitzer prizes died wednesday after a long battle with cancer in his washington home , cnn said quoting reston 's son , thomas  .
the rand was slightly weaker against the dollar in early trading here thursday , opening at ,   to the greenback against a close of  .
percent lower thursday as investors locked away profits from recent gains  .
little known golfers robert stephens of australia and doug  of the united states climbed out of the pack to claim a share of the three-way lead after the first day of the new zealand open here thursday  .
european consortium airbus industrie has offered malaysia 's national carrier a partnership deal to manufacture aircraft parts in malaysia , news reports said thursday  .
five people were injured when an aircraft on an internal flight made an emergency landing after one of its engines failed , the emergency situations ministry said thursday  .
a pro-democracy umbrella group known as the people 's democratic union -lrb- prd -rrb- claimed thursday it organised the storming of two embassies here by over  east timor independence activists , a spokeswoman said  .
australia and new zealand , the most vociferous critics of french nuclear testing in the south pacific , reacted  thursday to france 's decision to complete its tests ahead of schedule  .
south korea 's entire armed forces were put on a five-month alert thursday against a possible attack by north korea , which has been troubled by economic woes , the defense ministry said  .
african states are against isolating nigeria to force it to restore democratic rule and improve its human right record , organization of african unity -lrb- oau -rrb- secretary-general salim ahmad salim has said here  .
a fire ripped through a shopping mall in central tehran on thursday , killing one person and causing extensive damage , the official irna news agency reported  .
china reacted angrily thursday to continued requests for information about the whereabouts of the six-year-old tibetan chosen as a rival to the boy approved by beijing as tibet 's second ranking spirtual leader , the panchen lama  .
a preliminary hearing to decide whether former nazi ss officer erich priebke should be tried for war crimes , opened in a military court in rome thursday  .
foreign ministers from the organisation for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- began meeting here thursday to debate the role of the pan-european organization in the bosnian peace process  .
close scores from the opening day in the four-day cricket match between new south wales and west indies here thursday  .
percent in the year to october but funding shortages , debt and poor efficiency continued to plague the sector , xinhua said thursday  .
new south wales left-arm spinner david freedman captured career best figures of - to humble west indies on the first day of their tour match here thursday  .
robert gallo , who co-discovered the aids-causing hiv virus , has reported identifying several substances made by the human immune - system that appear to slow the growth of the hiv virus  .
late on wednesday as trades unions intensified strikes which are paralysing the economy  .
is to rescue troubled osaka credit cooperative through a merger around the middle of next year , japanese authorities said thursday  .
the first german soldiers to take part in the nato-led bosnia operation left the north german town of  for sarajevo on thursday morning  .
the search for a missing russian airliner with  people aboard in russia 's far east has been suspended until friday morning because of nightfall and bad weather , rescue officials said thursday  .
shots were heard thursday morning in the mountains surrounding the burundi capital bujumbura , which was otherwise quiet after a day of fierce clashes between mainly tutsi soldiers and armed hutu bands , which left around  dead , according to reliable sources here  .
israeli prime minister shimon peres arrived in cairo on thursday for talks with egyptian president hosni mubarak in his first visit since succeeding yitzhak rabin  .
west indian manager wes hall denied on thursday that team management was to blame for brian lara 's australian cricket tour withdrawal  .
the strength of the mark , other costs and general uncertainty brought growth of the german economy to a halt in the third quarter of the year , officials here said on thursday  .
a major university in eastern china has decided to reject applicants who smoke , in a drastic attempt to discourage smoking among young people , the beijing youth daily reported thursday  .
foreign ministers from the organisation for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- began meeting here thursday and were expected to debate the pan-european body 's role in the bosnian peace process  .
points on the cac  index in early trading on thursday  .
palestinians in the west bank and gaza strip will beginning this week be able to travel aboard for the first time using their palestinian passports , officials said thursday  .
about , vehicles stolen in israel over the last  months have been found in the west bank and autonomous gaza strip , police chief assaf hefetz said thursday  .
three egyptians have been condemned to hang for murdering their kuwaiti employer and dumping his body down a sewage manhole , according to the judgement published thursday  .
a preliminary hearing to decide whether former nazi ss officer erich priebke should be tried for war crimes , opened before a military court in rome thursday  .
the ruble fell by  points to , to the dollar here on thursday  .
some  irate miners seized a town council official and took him down a  thursday , demanding negotiations , as part of nationwide labor unrest , union sources said  .
about  percent of south koreans worry the politicial turmoil created by the arrest of two former presidents may lead to another coup , according to a poll published thursday , although a vast majority thought a coup highly unlikely  .
a heart patient was left to die in a private hospital in tehran after he was unable to come up with enough cash to pay for his treatment , a newspaper reported thursday  .
linda mccartney , the vegetarian wife of  singer paul mccartney paid , pounds -lrb- , dollars -rrb- for a prize turkey at an auction to save the bird from becoming someone 's christmas dinner  .
richard fromberg is determined he will finally play a major event before his home crowd when australia take on chinese-taipei in hobart next february , hoping to start a davis cup recovery  .
french prime minister alain juppe decided thursday not to attend the franco-german summit in baden-baden as planned , amid the continuing strike crisis gripping france , officials said  .
percent thursday on renewed buying by investors confident that the market has further to run near term but profit takers depressed several other asian bourses  .
austria 's alexandra meissnitzer won the second women 's super g world cup race of the season here on thursday ahead of switzerland 's heidi zeller-baehler and   of slovenia  .
-lrb- mhs -rrb- and its associate companies thursday signed a range of aviation agreements aimed at boosting the country 's fledgling aerospace industry  .
shares here fell slightly early thursday , as overnight gains on wall street failed to inspire trades , but the london market was  up by strong gains in gus , britain 's leading mail order firm  .
after over three years of war , the traffic lights of tuzla -- the bosnian industrial town that will be the base for thousands incoming us gis -- have stopped working and just two people are to blame  .
singapore president ong teng cheong has completed a five-week radiotherapy treatment following the recurrence of a form of cancer he suffered from three years ago , the government said thursday  .
french teachers joined the nationwide strike against welfare reform proposals in large numbers on thursday , official figures from the paris region indicated  .
england , having won the toss and elected to bat on a seemingly docile wicket , were rocked back to  for  at lunch on the first day of the four-day tour game against boland here thursday  .
scoreboard at lunch on the first day of the four-day tour match between boland and england here thursday  .
three palestinian protesters were injured thursday when israeli troops broke up a demonstration against the confiscation of west bank land to build roads for jewish settlers , palestinian sources said  .
west indies were given a blunt warning thursday that there is an army of shane  in australia just waiting to put their fortunes in a tailspin  .
sterling slipped thursday morning in europe , while the mark strengthened against the french franc , ahead of a meeting at the french central bank and a summit meeting between jacques chirac and helmut kohl  .
pakistan 's world cup winning hockey team will visit india later this month in the first major sporting contact between the bitter rivals on each other 's soil in six years  .
, which manages malaysia 's international and domestic airports , thursday signed a joint-venture deal with a french company to run cambodia 's phnom penh airport , a news report said  .
more than  demonstrators stormed the compounds of two embassies here thursday to mark the th anniversary of jakarta 's invasion of east timor , in one of the most spectacular protests staged by indonesian pro-democracy groups  .
the indian government has tightened security for the dalai lama after claiming it had uncovered a plot against the exiled tibetan spiritual leader , newspapers reported thursday  .
beijing authorities on thursday claimed some success in curbing corruption since major scandals rocked the chinese capital , after tightening supervision and punishing numerous wayward cadres  .
moderate parties thursday pressed president chandrika kumaratunga to pursue an autonomy plan to end sri lanka 's civil war after the army victory over the tamil tigers in jaffna  .
the sudanese army on thursday claimed that fighting against rebels in the south of the country was confined to a border zone and denied that the guerrillas were fighting around the towns of torit and   .
israeli prime minister shimon peres vowed here thursday to negotiate peace with syria right up until the eve of his country 's elections in october   .
german chancellor helmut kohl stood by the plan for a single european currency thursday despite growing public reluctance to surrender the mark , and he urged other countries to do more to qualify for the launch in   .
a us disc jockey in kuwait was sentenced to three and a half years in prison with hard labor and fined  dollars for assaulting a kuwaiti in a dispute over money , a newspaper said thursday  .
people calling for strike action in swaziland face five years in jail , under new legislation voted through the parliament of the tiny southern african kingdom on thursday  .
the hole in the ozone layer over the antarctic grew at a record rate in  , reaching  million square kilometres -lrb- eight million square miles -rrb- , or twice the size of europe , by early october , the world  organisation -lrb- wmo -rrb- said thursay  .
the lebanese government has approved plans to build a toll highway linking lebanon to syria and other arab countries as part of its post - war reconstruction drive , newspapers said thursday  .
a grenade blast on a train in angola killed two passengers and wounded an unspecified number of others , the official angop news reported thursday , monitored here  .
israel 's prime minister shimon peres on thursday bristled at egyptian criticism of a new israeli-russian military cooperation agreement , saying his country 's policy was not made in cairo  .
seven prisoners convicted of murder have been condemned to death in malawi since the new government of president bakili muluzi swept to power in may last year , a prisons official said thursday  .
us middle east coordinator dennis ross said on thursday he was encouraged by the swift implementation of the israeli-palestinian peace agreement after talks with plo leader yasser arafat  .
german chancellor helmut kohl stood by the plan for a single european currency on thursday despite growing public reluctance to surrender the mark , and urged other countries to do more to qualify for the launch in   .
taiwan is preparing to take delivery of the first of six lafayette class frigates it ordered from france in  , the central news agency -lrb- cna -rrb- reported thursday  .
france warned the bosnian serbs , and by implication , their political sponsors in belgrade , with `` widespread consequences '' thursday if two french airmen missing since august  were not `` immediately '' freed  .
egyptian president hosni mubarak denied thursday he had received any request from the united states to investigate claims of vote fraud during legislative elections  .
thirteen people were killed including two un guards when a bomb exploded under a tanker truck at a petrol station in kurdish-held northern iraq on thursday , the iraqi opposition said  .
the condition of greek prime minister andreas papandreou was unchanged thursday hours after doctors performed a tracheotomy on the -year - old leader , a medical bulletin said  .
strikers briefly blocked access to paris airport terminals on thursday as police fired teargas shells to keep them off runways  .
disturbances broke out at the russian and dutch embassies in jakarta on thursday night as they were surrounded by opponents of the east timor activists who entered the missions  .
the united states is to head the osce 's peace mission in bosnia , the european union 's `` foreign minister '' said here thursday  .
the big and unwieldy pan-european security body , the osce , began a two-day meeting thursday to lay the groundwork for its biggest test yet , helping to bring  into war-shattered bosnia  .
a nato plane carrying two german army officers arrived here thursday , the first of a total of  german officers to set up the headquarters of the nato-led peace implementation force  .
international football federation -lrb- fifa -rrb- president joao havelange says nigeria may be awarded the world under- championships in  next monday in spite of a european union call for a sports boycott of the west african country  .
the banque de france on thursday dropped its intervention rate by  .
percent in response to france 's deepening social crisis , prompting the paris bourse to surge  .
france threatened the bosnian serbs and their political sponsors in belgrade with `` widespread repercussions '' thursday if two french airmen missing since august  were not freed immediately  .
scoreboard at tea on the first day of the four-day tour match between boland and england here thursday  .
turin prosecutors on thursday called for two top officials in the fiat group to be tried on corruption charges  .
fulham and gillingham were both charged by the football association -lrb- fa -rrb- with misconduct on thursday following a match described by the referee as `` the most disgraceful exhibition by professional footballers i have ever seen  .
somerset are lining up young australian all-rounder shane lee as a successor to pakistan 's mushtaq ahmed as their overseas player next season , the english county 's chief executive said thursday  .
a last-minute reprieve thursday saved a -year-old man from deportation to nigeria , where he claims his life would be in danger  .
three palestinian protesters were injured thursday when israeli troops broke up a demonstration against the confiscation of west bank land to build roads for jewish settlers , palestinian sources said  .
some  irate miners seized a conservative deputy and took him down a  thursday , demanding negotiations , as part of nationwide labor unrest  .
austria 's alexandra meissnitzer created a major shock when she won the second women 's super g world cup race of the season here on thursday  .
there was little cheer for england in the first day of their four-day tour game against boland here thursday  .
israel turned over the control of military administration offices in the nablus area of the west bank to the palestinian authority on thursday , palestinian officials said  .
greece on thursday named diplomat alexander  head of its liaison office in the macedonian capital skopje , a spokesman for the foreign ministry announced  .
thirteen people were killed including two un guards when an explosion turned a petrol station into an inferno in kurdish-held northern iraq on thursday , the iraqi opposition said  .
initial jobless claims for regular state unemployment benefits rose , to a seasonally adjusted , for the week ending   from , the previous week , the labor department said  .
the chief executive of the organisation of african unity -lrb- oau -rrb- has pressured nigerian junta leader general sani abacha to restore civilian rule and dismissed isolating the regime , press reports said thursday  .
the radical popular front for the liberation of palestine -lrb-  -rrb- announced here thursday that it would boycott palestinian self-rule elections due on january   .
the gold market has gone wild the last few days , nudging close to record highs in the wake of soaring lease prices for the precious metal  .
iraqi president saddam hussein on thursday fired his finance minister and replaced him with hikmat  ibrahim , formerly the central bank governor and commerce minister  .
portuguese president mario soares branded indonesia a `` dictatorship '' thursday , after east timorese demonstrators stormed into foreign embassy compounds in jakarta  .
lebanon has signed a deal with the british investment bank sbc warburg to set up a  million dollar fund to finance private sector participation in post-war reconstruction projects , officials said on thursday  .
iraq on thursday blamed the united states for a tough stand taken at a summit of gulf arab leaders who accused baghdad of exploiting the suffering of its people to try to win an end to sanctions  .
the new york times has refused to run a full-page advertisement by a right-wing japanese political party denying the nanjing massacre , a japanese advertising agency told kyodo news service thursday  .
the sri lankan government thursday announced a major campaign to rebuild the northern town of jaffna , captured from tamil tiger guerrillas after nearly  days of heavy fighting  .
first division leicester said they were stunned by the walk-out of manager mark mcghee on thursday amid rumors he is to switch to rivals wolves  .
chancellor helmut kohl stood by german commitment to a single european currency on thursday despite growing public reluctance to surrender the mark , but promised to press for a corset of tough budget controls after the launch  .
an indian telecommunications satellite blasted into space by an ariane rocket has reached the desired orbit , india 's space research organization -lrb- isro -rrb- said thursday  .
commonwealth health ministers from some  countries thursday recommended male sterilisation as a method of birth control -- but rejected stringent anti-tobacco measures  .
europe 's ryder cup team , victorious earlier this year in america for only the second time in history , were the clear winners of the prestigious golf writers ' trophy for  on thursday  .
princess diana , pursuing her self-described `` queen of hearts '' role , thursday made a moving speech to a charity group in support of young homeless people `` whose lives have been blighted by their experiences  .
us middle east coordinator dennis ross arrived in cairo on thursday for talks with president hosni mubarak in the last stop in a shuttle to push the israeli-syrian peace process  .
the united nation 's top human rights official said thursday that indonesia must improve its record at the end of an official five-day visit during which he spent two days in east timor  .
the sale of  percent of oil and gas group eni has raised , billion lire -lrb- four billion dollars -rrb- , which the state will put towards reduction of the public deficit , eni announced on thursday  .
nigeria on thursday presented a consignment of communication equipment to the african peacekeeping force , ecomog , to enhance its troop deployment throughout liberia  .
the russian constitutional court thursday failed to end a dispute between the upper and lower houses of parliament , rejecting a plea which challenged a new law requiring members of the upper house to hold elected posts  .
a retired american career diplomat is to head the osce 's peace mission in bosnia , the european union said here thursday  .
bulgarian president zhelio zhelev arrived here for a one-day visit thursday for talks on relations between his country and albania and the peace process in the former yugoslavia  .
the disappearance of a tupolev  with  people on board in the russian far east early thursday is the most serious incident of its kind in the former soviet union since  people died in an air crash in siberia in january   .
a judge on thursday said it would ask the constitutional court to allow families of victims a  massacre to attend the expected trial here of former nazi ss officer erich priebke in connection with the   .
two german officers , the first to serve in bosnia since nazi forces in the former yugoslavia were defeated by tito 's partisans , arrived in sarajevo on thursday  .
republican house speaker newt gingrich , the man who branded the democrats corrupt and led the movement that swept them from congressional power , is under investigation for tax fraud  .
pakistan has offered to contribute a troop brigade to nato for its peace mission in bosnia , a foreign office spokesman said here thursday  .
pakistan , confirming expulsion orders on a french aid group , thursday urged all  non governmental organizations -lrb- ngos -rrb- to shift their offices inside afghanistan  .
russia on thursday denounced the invasion of its jakarta embassy by a group of east timorese militants protesting on the th anniversary of indonesia invading the former portuguese colony  .
russia and chechnya will sign an accord friday confirming chechnya 's status as part of the russian federation and clarifying their bilateral relations , russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin told reporters here thursday , interfax news agency reported  .
israel has reconnected international telephone lines to the gaza strip after a week 's suspension because of differences with the palestinians over a  .
million dollar bill , an official said thursday  .
the swedish government on thursday turned down an appeal for pardon on health grounds from stig bergling , a double agent serving a life sentence for selling state secrets to moscow at the height of the cold war  .
a french parliamentary delegation on a mission to gain the release of two missing french pilots vented its frustration thursday , demanding that `` the wall of silence '' surrounding their fate be broken  .
the future of paul gascoigne was again shrouded in uncertainty on thursday as the maverick england star contemplates a league suspension , a european ban next season and another inquest into his worth to rangers  .
the royal dutch airline , klm , has acquired  percent of kenya airways -lrb- ka -rrb- shares , ending speculation here that ka would be purchased by either british airways or south african airline , ka managing director brian davies confirmed on thursday  .
the judge leading the probe into the  carbombing of a jewish association building here that killed  people was to ask for the right to investigate a right-wing congressman in the case  .
iraqi president saddam hussein on thursday replaced his finance minister with hikmat  ibrahim who has headed the central bank , commerce ministry and auditing department  .
canada 's biggest municipal authority , metropolitan toronto , has refused to award a  .
million dollar -lrb- , us -rrb- contract to shell canada because of its parent company 's continued investments in nigeria  .
the cabinet has approved a bill to allow foreign newspapers to publish in beirut amid reports that international publications are seeking a regional base , the head of the journalists ' union said thursday  .
president bill clinton was set thursday to unveil his third budget plan for  which the administration hopes will break the deadlock with the republican majority and balance the country 's books by   .
bundesbank president hans tietmeyer pointed on thursday to the `` extraordinary importance '' of the stability pact proposed by german finance minister theo waigel to countries taking part in the european union 's planned single currency later in the century  .
the west indies cricket board of control -lrb-  -rrb- are delaying naming their world cup squad in the hopes of convincing brian lara to play  .
the government has offered to hold `` comprehensive talks '' in the spring with railway unions on a key issue behind nationwide strikes , officials said thursday  .
at least  people were killed including two un guards when a huge bomb ripped through a petrol station in kurdish-held northern iraq on thursday , un officials said  .
russia and chechnya will sign an accord friday confirming chechnya 's status as part of the russian federation and clarifying their bilateral relations , russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin told reporters here thursday , interfax news agency reported  .
european commission president jacques santer denied on thursday that strikes gripping france are in protest at the maastricht treaty , saying the treaty acts to protect workers  .
percent in october , the commerce department said thursday  .
world open finalist del harris and temperamental australian anthony hill were two seeded fallers in the first round of the mahindra international squash challenge here on thursday  .
swiss-swedish engineering group abb has won an order worth  million dollars to build a combined heating and power plant near the city of frankfurt an der oder in eastern germany , abb said thursday  .
laszlo kovacs , president of the pan-european security body osce , hit out thursday at the situation facing non serbs in several serbian regions notably in kosovo  .
jordanian authorities have seized russian missile parts destined for iraq in violation of the five-year-old un embargo , officials here said thursday  .
the canadian government said thursday it had signed a mutual legal assistance treaty with hungary  .
the dollar lost ground thursday against the other major currencies except sterling in calm trading with markets awaiting us unemployment data and the outcome of federal budget negotiations  .
dutch defender frank de boer is suspended for the  european championship play-off game at anfield in liverpool on december   .
gunmen fired shots at a bus carrying israeli settlers through the palestinian town of ramallah on thursday , witnesses said  .
the council of europe committee of ministers thursday adopted a resolution in favor of granting the united states observer status over the -member pan-european organization  .
turkish president suleyman demirel arrived here thursday for a three - day visit focusing on how to establish closer ties between the two turkish-speaking nations  .
scoreboard at the close of play on the first day of the four-day tour match between boland and england here thursday  .
jordanian authorities have seized russian missile parts destined for iraq in violation of the five-year-old un embargo , officials here said thursday  .
indonesian ambassador   was `` invited '' thursday to the dutch foreign ministry for `` talks '' about security after the dutch embassy in jakarta was stormed by two groups of activists  .
a man was holding an unknown number of people hostage in a munich savings bank on thursday , police said  .
fatigued opposition members of the ontario legislature vowed thursday to continue a protest which has brought the assembly to a complete halt  .
hundreds of thousands of strikers demonstrated across france on thursday against the conservative government 's plans to reform the welfare system , with record turnouts in many provincial cities  .
the big and unwieldy pan-european security body , the osce , began a two-day meeting thursday to lay the groundwork for its biggest test yet -- helping war-shattered bosnia replace bullets with   .
three palestinians were injured and three others arrested in clashes with israeli troops on the west bank on thursday as gunmen fired at a bus carrying jewish settlers  .
the rail strike in france is forcing businesses in neighboring countries to seek alternative shipping routes for vital supplies and deliveries , with incalculable economic consequences for western europe  .
rebel bosnian serbs took to the streets in a serb-held suburb of sarajevo thursday to protest against the dayton peace plan under which certain areas of the city will return to government control  .
the family of gilbert  , the man charged with stealing the duchess of york 's jewelry , said thursday that the goods appeared fake and that they knew nothing about the british royal family member  .
a gunman holding five people hostage at a bank here thursday has asked for four million german marks -lrb-  .
million dollars -rrb- and the use of a plane , police said  .
south africa 's gold and foreign currency reserves rose sharply by  .
percent in november over october , according to official figures released thursday  .
about  percent of kuwaitis who owe money to the state have met a deadline for the first instalment of repaying their debts , banking officials said thursday  .
latvia 's parliament refused to approve thursday a new coalition government put forward by a centre-left candidate , deepening the political crisis in the baltic republic  .
a congressional delegation of about  republicans and democrats will accompany us negotiator richard holbrooke during his upcoming trip to the balkans , us embassy spokesman douglas davidson said here thursday  .
leading european stock markets experienced contrasting fates on thursday , as stock prices fell by  .
germany 's boris becker qualified for the semi-finals of the six - million-dollar grand slam cup in his own back yard here on thursday  .
prime minister john major told the house of commons thursday that he would not rule out britain joining a single european currency in the course of the next parliament , which could run until   .
princess diana , britain 's self-styled `` queen of hearts , '' was severely criticized by tory mps thursday after she shared a stage with a senior labor opposition figure and gave a speech calling for more help for the homeless  .
singer michael jackson will be spending at least two more days in intensive care following his hospitalization after suffering a drop in blood pressure , the pay television network home box office said thursday  .
presidents of south america 's mercosur countries underscored their desire thursday to consolidate the fledgling free trade zone , as a landmark accord with the european union loomed  .
witnesses spoke thursday of their -year-old memories of former nazi officer erich priebke , alleged to have played a major part in the slaughter of  italians near rome  .
republican house speaker newt gingrich , the man who branded the democrats as corrupt and led the movement that swept them from congressional power , is under investigation by his colleagues for tax fraud  .
six years after the fall of the berlin wall , the authorities have finally cleared the last patch of mines on the former  border , the defense ministry said thursday  .
the judge leading the probe into the  carbombing of a jewish association building here that killed  people was to ask for the right to investigate a right-wing congressman in the case  .
the un refugee agency thursday said it needed  million dollars to fund an ambitious repatriation plan for , refugees who fled a savage civil war in this west african state  .
the th anniversary of indonesia 's invasion of east timor sparked violence here thursday , as more than  protestors stormed the compounds of two embassies in one of the most spectacular protests yet by pro-democracy groups here  .
us middle east coordinator dennis ross wrapped up a shuttle mission in the region here thursday saying he had seen encouraging signs for peace between israel and syria  .
said thursday they will collaborate on technology with the aim of producing `` richer and more active '' content on the internet  .
south african education minister sibusiso bengu on thursday met officials of the country 's largest university in a bid to end a dispute between a group of mainly white academics and its black deputy vice chancellor  .
france 's warning of `` widespread repercussions '' unless two french pilots are immediately released is `` unacceptable , '' yugoslav authorities said thursday  .
urban cowboy andrew henderson ,  in his belt and a couple of beers in his belly , was practising quick draw for his drinking buddies when the gun snagged and shot him in the groin  .
yemeni foreign minister abdel karim al-iryani traveled to eritrea on thursday in a bid to resolve a dispute over three red sea islands , officials here said  .
bundesbank president hans tietmeyer said thursday that the dollar does not always reflect us economic potential , in a speech made in hamburg the text of which was released in frankfurt in advance  .
a handful of demonstrators rallied in central stockholm thursday to protest against the th anniversary of indonesian occupation of the former portuguese colony of east timor , an afp reporter said  .
the somali airport of ballidogle closed down its operations on thursday following a dispute over job opportunities between two groups of militiamen guarding the facility , reports reaching here said  .
prime minister alain juppe tried to defuse france 's crisis on thursday but trade unions said they would continue crippling strikes on friday  .
more than  nations and international organizations will look at ways friday and saturday to create a `` climate of stability '' in bosnia - hercegovina during the embattled country 's first `` post-war '' year  .
bosnian foreign minister muhamed sacirbey said thursday he believed the pan-european security body , the osce , was up to the task of organising elections in bosnia-hercegovina but only if the united states took an leading role  .
a bank robber who took five hostages after his heist went wrong freed one of them thursday , but was sticking to his demand for four million german marks -lrb-  .
the south african government said thursday that it planned to sell off minority stakes in the state-owned telkom group , national carrier south african airways and the national airports operator  .
the un human rights special envoy elisabeth rehn urged the international community thursday not to force bosnian refugees to return home too quickly  .
china and russia signed an agreement on military cooperation thursday as one of the top commanders of the people 's liberation army continued a visit to moscow , interfax news agency reported  .
russian literary giant and erstwhile dissident alexander solzhenitsyn said thursday he will not vote in the country 's upcoming elections , interfax news agency reported  .
diego maradona 's request for probation for shooting at journalists with an air rifle was upheld by the appeal court here on thursday  .
the treasury department said thursday it sold -week treasury bills for an average discount rate of  .
british prime minister john major said thursday he was `` profoundly dissatisfied '' with recent judgements handed out by the european court of human rights  .
the government thursday announced a january  deadline for visa requests from indians wishing to watch the next cricket world cup matches in pakistan  .
the much-vaunted england top order batting faltered against determined and disciplined bowling from boland in the first day of the four-day tour game here thursday  .
world number one pete sampras pulled out injured from the six-million - dollar grand slam cup here on thursday because of a `` serious inflammation of the thigh muscle  .
more than  republican and democratic members of the house of representatives sent a letter thursday to president bill clinton asking him to keep us ground troops out of bosnia  .
us assistant secretary of state strobe talbott will attend a conference at the weekend in london on implementing the bosnia peace agreement , the state department said thursday  .
raul salinas , the jailed brother of ex-president carlos salinas , told swiss authorities the millions of dollars in his swiss bank accounts were from legal dealings , the daily excelsior reported thursday  .
a father was considering legal action on thursday against a school which has ordered his two young daughters to play rugby -- or find another school  .
radioactive water leaked from a nuclear plant near nikolayev in southern ukraine , the power plant said thursday  .
french international olivier merle learned on thursday he will be out for three weeks because of a fractured right index finger  .
dozens of people were injured and more than  others arrested on thursday as violent protests erupted across egypt after the results of legislative elections were announced  .
the national basketball association and its referees association signed a five-year labor deal on thursday that will send the officials back to work next tuesday  .
the new york yankees signed slugger tino martinez from the seattle mariners on thursday in a five-player deal  .
a two-year investigation spanning  us states ended in the arrests thursday of more than  people involved in telemarketing scams that preyed on the elderly , attorney general janet reno said  .
world number one pete sampras , who pulled out injured from the six - million-dollar grand slam cup here on thursday , was aiming to make a comeback at the australian open  .
the canadian government confirmed thursday that a special meeting of the group of seven with russia will be held in ottawa next week to discuss combatting terrorism  .
us envoy richard holbrooke will press the bosnian government to ensure the quick departure of mujahedeen fighters from bosnia during his upcoming talks in sarajevo , a us official said wednesday  .
germany 's boris becker qualified for the semi-finals of the six - million-dollar grand slam cup in his own back yard here on thursday  .
at least  people were killed including two un guards when a huge bomb ripped through a petrol station in kurdish-held northern iraq on thursday , un officials said  .
palestinian police arrested a human rights worker on thursday for publicly criticising the self-rule authority headed by plo leader yasser arafat  .
newcomers philippe  and herve  , plus michel  making a comeback , were among france 's shortlist of players for next year 's five nations championship  .
points on the open-ended richter scale occurred off the island of crete late on thursday , but there were no reports of casualties or damage , seismologists said  .
said thursday it would adopt the internet technical standard used by major rivals , apparently ending its own bid to become the dominant player in cyberspace software  .
the united states called on the egyptian government wednesday to investigate allegations of electoral fraud in a vote that gave president hosni mubarak 's party the lion 's share of seats  .
success in midweek european cup matches usually comes at a price and several clubs have to shake the fatigue out of their systems when they return to domestic competition at the weekend  .
germany and france agreed thursday to develop a satellite system for observation purposes , their two governments said after a franco-german summit meeting  .
the white house unveiled a new budget plan thursday , offering deeper cuts in spending in a bid to reach agreement with the republican majority on balancing the budget by   .
the united states called on the egyptian government thursday to investigate allegations of electoral fraud in a vote that gave president hosni mubarak 's party the lion 's share of seats  .
two men dressed as santa claus were arrested for vandalism after leaving a nightclub near here , police said thursday  .
german police brought a delicate hostage crisis under control thursday evening , seizing a gunman who had been holding three people to ransom and freeing the hostages unhurt , german authorities said  .
ac milan as expected qualified for the quarter-finals of the uefa cup on thursday , but lens , looking for their first european last eight spot ever , were upset by slavia prague  .
new zealand captain lee germon won the toss and sent pakistan into bat on the first day of their one-off test match here friday  .
ecuadoran authorities have been forced to ration electricity because of a drought that crippled a hydro-electric plant that provides  percent of the nation 's power needs , officials said thursday  .
the foreign ministers of yemen and eritrea held talks in asmara on thursday on their dispute over three red sea islands , the official yemeni news agency saba said  .
police and demonstrators clashed thursday in paris and two other french cities as public-sector strikes which have crippled france 's railway system for a fortnight dragged on  .
pop star michael jackson was in `` serious but stable '' condition thursday and will need several days of critical care and treatment , his doctors said  .
the white house unveiled a new budget plan thursday , offering deeper cuts in spending in a bid to reach agreement with the republican majority in congress on balancing the budget by   .
south africa 's state-owned arms manufacturing corporation denel said thursday that it had signed a deal with malaysia 's  company to set up helicopter assembly plants in the south-east asian country  .
iraqi foreign ministry mohamed said al-sahaf arrived in paris thursday for an overnight stopover , but a foreign ministry spokesman stressed that he was not due to meet any french officials  .
lithuania 's parliament overwhelmingly approved thursday a motion calling on the government to seek the republic 's admission to the european union , the baltic news service reported  .
pop star michael jackson was in `` serious but stable '' condition thursday and will need several days of critical care and treatment , his doctors said  .
-lrb- afp -rrb- - as the trial continues in france of a ukrainian ship crew who threw african stowaways into the sea , a film on the drama is being shot in ghana  .
sweden will demand that veto rights be maintained on foreign and security policy issues when the european union intergovernmental conference is held in  , the government said thursday  .
the dallas cowboys travel to philadelphia on sunday trying to clinch their division title and home-field advantage in the national football league playoffs despite a defense riddled by injuries  .
a  in internet shares pushed the broader market lower thursday , sending the dow jones industrials to their biggest one-day drop since late october  .
the dollar was higher against the other major currencies except the yen in cautious trading thursday amid us budget negotiations and a much-awaited report on unemployment in the united states  .
the search for the tupolev- airliner missing since early thursday in russia 's far east has resumed , radio russia , monitored here by the bbc , reported  .
the galileo space explorer began receiving data from a  it launched thursday into jupiter 's atmosphere , nasa said  .
the ruling conservatives ' popularity has picked up slightly following last week 's budget , according to an opinion poll published in friday 's times newspaper  .
a russian ferry will be impounded when it arrives in sweden on friday morning because its owners have failed to pay out , kronor -lrb- , dollars -rrb- in salary to the crew , judicial officials here said  .
a joint commission for missing persons set up between croatia and yugoslavia under the dayton agreement on bosnia met for the first time thursday in zagreb , the croatian news agency hina reported  .
scorecard at lunch on the first day of the one-off cricket test between pakistan and new zealand here friday  .
- yen here early friday , down from  .
share prices opened marginally higher on the tokyo stock exchange , with the nikkei stock average rising  .
pakistan openers aamir sohail and ramiz raja turned on a scintillating batting display in the opening session of the one-off cricket test against new zealand on the first day here friday  .
prime minister john major said thursday that britain will oppose granting `` massive '' new powers to the european parliament and extending qualified majority voting at next year 's intergovernmental conference  .
us military logistical teams preparing the way for , troops headed to bosnia-hercegovina will have completed their deployment by the middle of next week , later than scheduled , officials said here thursday  .
rwanda and the united nations were at odds thursday over plans to extend the un mandate in rwanda , with the central african nation seeking fewer peacekeeping troops , western diplomats said  .
the international red cross movement called thursday for a permanent war crimes tribunal and urged that no one under  be sent into combat  .
the un security council voiced concern thursday over the looting and burning of homes in two bosnian towns by bosnian croat forces , calling such actions a threat to peace in the region  .
east timorese resistance leader jose ramos horta friday held a -minute meeting with foreign minister don mckinnon , the highest level meeting between the two sides here yet  .
the mexican stock market closed down slightly thursday but brazil , colombia and venezuela were bright spots  .
nine  properties belonging to the brother of former president carlos salinas have been seized , the official news agency notimex reported thursday  .
a mauritanian court thursday handed down lenient sentences on  members of groups sympathetic to baghdad 's ruling baath party charged with setting up an illegal organization  .
share prices closed the morning session slightly lower on the tokyo stock exchange friday , after repeating narrow fluctuations following short-lived , futures-led selling , brokers said  .
guatemala 's defense and interior ministries announced thursday that they had put , army troops and additional police in the streets of the capital to combat crime  .
peruvian president alberto fujimori said thursday that a us woman accused of terrorism would go on trial as scheduled  .
sri lanka won the toss and batted at the start of the first cricket test against australia at the waca ground here friday  .
scorecard at tea on the first day of the one-off cricket test between pakistan and new zealand here friday  .
more than a hundred supporters of a free east timor began their second day of protest at two foreign embassies here friday , after spending a quiet night in the mission compounds following a clash at nightfall  .
brazilian president fernando henrique cardoso will arrive in malaysia on december  for a three-day state visit at the invitation of malaysia 's king , tuanku jaafar abdul rahman , officials said friday  .
china stressed friday the importance of good start for the national economy in  , as economists warned that crucial restructuring was needed to reduce inefficiency and wastage  .
britain 's right-wing tabloid press on friday warned princess diana not to toy with politics after the princess , pursuing her self-described `` queen of hearts '' role , gave a speech  the tory government 's efforts to help the homeless  .
portuguese president mario soares officially opened macau 's new  .
billion dollar international airport on friday , calling it a `` new cause for confidence in the future  .
amnesty international launched an urgent appeal friday for  people arrested outside the french embassy and another arrested outside the thai embassy in east timor protests here  .
a general strike called to condemn alleged human rights abuses by the indian security forces paralysed the strife-torn kashmir valley on friday , witnesses said  .
two young men who worked with an organization of street children have been shot and killed by men who identified themselves as police , witnesses said thursday  .
the head of french car-maker psa peugeot citroen on friday urged china to emulate japan in protecting its car market `` for a certain period '' before exposing the sector to the full force of international competition  .
malaysia 's hope for the gold increased friday after sprint king mardi lestari of indonesia caught a mystery bug on his way to the southeast asian games here to defend his  meters title  .
more than , chinese businessmen considering investing in nicaragua will begin arriving here next week to look for business opportunities , sources said thursday  .
china is holding back from signing a un agreement on implementing law of the sea fishing provisions , concerned that some sections could result in the use of force and sovereignty infringements , a report said friday  .
scorecard at lunch on the opening day of the first cricket test between australia and sri lanka at the waca ground here  .
china handed out bidding documents friday for the country 's first power project to experiment with a build , operate and transfer -lrb- bot -rrb- financing  .
shops reopened and transport resumed in bangladesh 's capital friday , a day after clashes between police and anti-government protesters left  people injured , but the opposition said more rallies were planned  .
sri lanka found the going tough at the start of the first cricket test against australia at the waca ground here friday  .
china enthroned friday the six-year-old boy recently selected by the atheist government as the reincarnation of tibetan buddhism 's second most important leader , the panchen lama , xinhua reported  .
china 's  government on friday enthroned its choice of the reincarnation of tibetan buddhism 's second most important leader , the panchen lama , confirming a harmful split in the religion  .
the indian parliament adjourned in uproar for a third day in a row on friday with opposition lawmakers angrily demanding the resignation of communications minister sukh ram for alleged corruption  .
percent lower on friday , with the nikkei stock average depressed by modest profit-taking and the easier tone on wall street overnight , brokers said  .
the dollar traded lower against the yen here friday as dealers reported active selling of the mark for the japanese currency  .
president chandrika kumaratunga on friday announced the sri lankan army would launch another military offensive in order to secure a vital land route to the former tamil rebel bastion of jaffna  .
russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin and pro-russian chechen government head doku zavgayev signed in moscow friday an agreement ratifying the attachment of chechnya to russia , a russian government spokesman said  .
the tibetan government-in-exile on friday condemned china 's enthronement of a rival panchen lama , the second most important figure in tibetan buddhism , and denied any schism in the religion  .
canadaian prime minister jean chretien will visit pakistan next month at the head of a large business delegation and hold talks with pakistani counterpart benazir bhutto , a senior canadian diplomat said  .
percent lower friday , with the nikkei stock average depressed by modest profit-taking and the easier tone on wall street overnight , brokers said  .
the rand dipped slightly against the dollar to open friday at  .
presidents of south america 's mercosur countries closed their summit meeting here underscoring their will to consolidate the fledgling free trade zone as a landmark accord with the european union loomed  .
hezbollah guerrillas killed a pro-israeli militiaman in a bomb attack on friday , officials said  .
a devout moslem who found his wife in bed with his best friend was jailed for two years here friday for stabbing the best friend to death in a frenzied attack  .
egyptian president hosni mubarak 's ruling party increased its sweeping majority in parliament as  independent deputies joined it immediately after being elected , the daily al-akhbar reported friday  .
a government-backed fund to compensate women forced to have sex with japanese troops during world war ii has received more than  million yen -lrb- one million dollars -rrb- in donations , a government spokesman said friday  .
the tibetan government-in-exile and tibetan expatriates here condemned the installation friday of a six-year-old boy selected by china as the panchen lama , the second most important figure in tibetan buddhism  .
cuban president fidel castro arrived in hanoi friday on his first visit since  when the veteran revolutionary toured communist `` liberated '' areas and pledged cuban blood would spill to defend vietnam  .
prominent businessman mikhail  , a candidate of the government party our  in upcoming legislative elections , was assassinated in the ural town of  friday , regional police said  .
chechens denounced an accord signed in moscow on friday by the russian prime minister and the head of the moscow-installed chechen government , saying it had no legitimate basis without public discussion  .
top us officials were to meet in sarajevo friday to hammer out security arrangements for the deployment of us troops in bosnia and in london to discuss coordination details between the united nations and the nato-led multinational force for the balkans  .
saudi arabia 's king fahd has left hospital after being admitted last week , a palace statement said friday  .
china 's  government on friday enthroned its choice of the reincarnation of tibetan buddhism 's second most important leader , the panchen lama , strengthening the wedge that threatens to split the religion  .
cuban president fidel castro arrived in hanoi friday on his first visit since  when the communist leader toured battle zones and revelled in the close links between the socialist allies  .
israeli prime minister shimon peres is due to meet plo leader yasser arafat at this border crossing on friday for the first time since succeeding the slain yitzhak rabin  .
more than a hundred supporters of a free east timor were holed up in two embassies here friday for the second day , as prominent human - rights activists and diplomats strove to resolve the crisis  .
prime minister shimon peres will stop in morocco and meet king hassan next week on his way back from a visit to the united states , his office said friday  .
saudi arabia 's king fahd has left hospital after falling ill last week , the royal palace announced friday  .
the ruble fell by five points to , to the dollar on the moscow interbank currency exchange friday  .
indonesian foreign minister ali alatas in the first official comment on an attempted break-in into the dutch embassy where supporters of a free east timor are holed up said friday he  the incident  .
former prime minister tsutomu hata declared his candidacy friday in a leadership race for the opposition new frontier party , currently headed by   , another former prime minister  .
the french franc firmed against the mark early on friday because the government remained determined to force through reforms and in response to a cut in interest rates , dealers said  .
scorecard at the close of the second day in the four-day cricket tour match between new south wales and the west indies here friday  .
score card at tea on the opening day of the first cricket test between australia and sri lanka at the waca ground here  .
a three-wicket burst by australia 's in-form fast bowler glenn mcgrath left sri lanka  on the opening day of the first cricket test here friday  .
russia and pro-russian chechen authorities signed an agreement here friday ratifying the attachment of the breakaway republic of chechnya to russia under `` a special status ''  .
polling in two kenyan by-elections exploded into violence thursday , with one candidate beaten unconscious , several cars set on fire , and police and youths engaging in running battles , newspapers reported friday  .
beijing 's cultural affairs bureau has called for a halt to the construction of new discotheques in the chinese capital , warning that the market is already saturated  .
taiwan 's golden horse film festival will kick off in taipei this weekend with hong kong 's `` summer snow '' seen as the most likely winner in the best film , best director and best actress categories , officials and reviewers said friday  .
a palestinian suspected of collaborating with the israelis was shot dead in this occupied west bank village near bethlehem , palestinian sources said friday  .
shares here fell in early trading friday , undermined by sharp overnight falls in new york and lower than expected takeover activity on the london market , dealers said  .
rail union leaders have agreed to meet the mediator appointed by prime minister alain juppe friday to try to resolve the two-week-old rail strike , the transport ministry said  .
the palestinian militant group hamas said here friday it was still waiting for an official invitation from egypt for a planned dialogue with the plo in cairo  .
the senate voted late thursday to restrict late-term abortions only to cases in which the mother 's life is at risk , inching closer to a presidential veto of the measure  .
a russian naval vessel and four helicopters resumed searching icy waters off the coast of eastern siberia on friday for the wreckage of a domestic airliner which went missing more than  hours earlier with  people on board , interfax news agency reported  .
the alleged commander of a zimbabwean rebel group was jailed on friday for  years on charges of undergoing illegal military training outside the country with the intention of overthrowing the government  .
china is to give sudan a loan of  million dollars , mostly to develop its petroleum industry , finance minister abdullah hassan ahmad said friday  .
sri lanka fought back to finish with  all out in their first innings in the first cricket test against australia here friday  .
scorecard at stumps on the opening day of the first cricket test between australia and sri lanka at the waca ground here  .
scoreboard at lunch on the second day of the four-day tour match between boland and england here friday  .
general secretary do muoi has confirmed that the vietnamese communist party will hold a congress in june next year in the first official announcement of the key political conclave  .
foreign investment in israel has skyrocketed over the last year , jumping threefold to  .
billion dollars , in another sign of growing confidence in the country 's booming economy , the government announced friday  .
saudi arabia 's king fahd has left hospital after falling ill last week but is under doctors ' orders to rest , the royal palace announced friday  .
cambodia stepped up its campaign against foreign critics friday , claiming an `` international media campaign '' was trying to discredit the country  .
percent lower friday as other asia pacific markets reported investors locking in profits after recent gains  .
former nazi ss officer erich priebke , jailed here in connection with the  revenge massacre of  italian partisans , has denied charges that he had helped draw up lists of the victims , the daily la repubblica reported friday  .
the french franc held firm friday morning on the european markets despite continued strikes , while the progression of the dollar was tied to the us employment figures , to be published later in the day  .
the international amateur athletic federation -lrb- iaaf -rrb- has been accused of rigging its prestigious athlete of the year awards  .
police arrested  people friday after a protest at the macau government palace here turned violent , casting a shadow on the visit by portuguese president mario soares  .
a fighting  not out by jack russell brought england to  for  at lunch on the second day of the four-day tour game against boland here friday  .
forty-seven protestors who occupied the compound of the russian embassy here to demand independence for east timor left the premises on friday , an afp reporter saw  .
police said friday they had found an apparent hit-list of almost  names in the latest twist of a cyprus gang war that has claimed eight lives so far this year  .
a palestinian was injured friday in the flashpoint town of hebron on the west bank when a bomb he was handling exploded , palestinian sources said  .
senior us envoy richard holbrooke was expected here friday evening to meet with president franjo tudjman on the implementation of the bosnia peace accord , a western diplomat said  .
israeli prime minister shimon peres and palestinian leader yasser arafat began talks at this border crossing on friday for the first time since the assassination of yitzhak rabin  .
the irish republican army -lrb- ira -rrb- friday said there was `` no question '' of surrendering its arms before the start of northern ireland all-party peace talks , but its leading spokesman quickly denied that this cast doubts on the peace process  .
first it was a ``  '' bowler then friday it was a chinese batsman who rocked the touring west indians in their cricket match against new south wales here  .
quarter final draw for the cup winners cup made here friday  .
the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- plans to send a team to sarajevo in january in the hope it can it can get reconstruction of sports facilities there underway , ioc president juan antonio samaranch said friday  .
israeli prime minister shimon peres and palestinian leader yasser arafat began talks at this border crossing on friday for the first time since the assassination of yitzhak rabin  .
intelligence agents in the philippine capital are on alert following reports two foreign terrorists have slipped into the country to establish contacts with a moslem extremist group , police sources said friday  .
a plane carrying  people from french guiana to the haitian capital port-au-prince crashed while approaching to land , killing all those on board , the french overseas ministry said friday  .
bosnian croat authorities have released from jail a military commander indicted of war crimes , in violation of the bosnian peace agreements initialled last month in ohio , the new york times said friday  .
flights into and out of paris ' two international airports were delayed for up to two hours friday by strike action , the adp airport authority said  .
russian president boris yeltsin , slowly recovering from a serious heart ailment , is being kept in near quarantine at his rest home to avoid him contracting flu as an epidemic sweeps moscow , interfax reported friday  .
the moscow education authorities friday ordered a three-day closure of the city 's schools starting next week due to an influenza epidemic , interfax news agency reported  .
prime minister shimon peres announced friday that israel was to release , palestinian prisoners after a meeting with palestinian leader yasser arafat  .
the organization for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- will set up a one-year mission to bosnia-hercegovina to help implement a peace agreement for the war-torn country , an osce statement said friday  .
has bought exclusive rights to market the movies of the united states ' turner broadcasting system inc .
to japanese television companies , a mitsubishi spokesman said friday  .
scoreboard at tea on the second day of the four-day tour match between boland and england here friday  .
boland , facing a -run first innings by england , were  for  at tea on the second day of the four-day tour match here friday  .
a plane carrying  people to the haitian capital port-au-prince crashed while approaching to land , killing all those on board , a un spokesman in haiti and officials in the french overseas territory guadeloupe said friday  .
share prices slipped on the bombay stock exchange -lrb- bse -rrb- on friday as traders and indian institutional investors sold heavily  .
li rui huan , a permanent standing committee member of china 's politburo , arrived here friday for an official goodwill visit on the second leg of his five-nation southeast asian tour  .
prime minister shimon peres announced friday that israel was to release , palestinian prisoners after a meeting with palestinian leader yasser arafat  .
richard holbrooke , the senior us official who brokered the dayton peace accord for bosnia returned to sarajevo friday for the first time since the dayton document was initialled on november   .
on the open-ended richter scale hit the southern kuril islands in russia 's far east friday , the russian emergency situations ministry reported  .
two traditional healers who claimed they could cure aids have died after having sex with patients they believed they had cured , the government information service reported friday  .
percent in september , the labor department said friday  .
dutch-swedish chemical group akzo nobel announced friday that it has just signed a joint venture agreement with chinese firm  paint factory , based in  near shanghai  .
russian authorities on friday stepped up the search at sea for the wreckage of a domestic airliner which went missing more than  hours earlier with  people on board , interfax news agency reported  .
powerful german metalworkers ' union ig metall on friday denounced the jailing of south korean labor leader kwon  , president of the kctu union confederation recently established in south korea  .
sony of japan signed an eight-million-dollar deal with lebanese state television on friday to provide it with a digital transmission system , the station said  .
five children were among  people killed in the bomb attack at a petrol station in kurdish-held northern iraq , hospital officials said friday  .
three south koreans convicted of running a slave-labor sweatshop here face more than five years behind bars , officials said friday  .
greenpeace on friday branded as a failure a vienna conference which thrashed out compromise measures to check the rapidly increasing hole in the ozone layer , saying the protective covering was `` left open to attack ''  .
percent in september , the labor department said friday  .
portuguese president mario soares criticised indonesia on friday for allowing pro-government activists to enter an embassy compound in jakarta to clash with supporters for a free east timor  .
the french government is taking out adverts in some  national newspapers this weekend to explain prime minister alain juppe 's controversial welfare reform plans  .
chinese vice-premier and foreign minister qian qichen reiterated here thursday that hong kong would retain a high degree of autonomy after  and stressed the need for people there to be involved in government  .
the cash-strapped government of malawi has no money to run crucial local government elections next year , a top government official said friday  .
a basic system of free buses is to be operated in paris from saturday amid the continuing absence of public transport , officials announced friday  .
the dollar took advantage of the german mark 's weakness friday afternoon on the london forex market to climb against all other major currencies and break up through the  .
-mark level and go over five french francs  .
israeli troops shot dead a palestinian and wounded three others on friday during a clash in this volatile west bank town , palestinian sources said  .
israel is to seal off the northern west bank town of tulkarem before turning it over to palestinian control on sunday , a military spokesman said  .
the head of israel 's right-wing opposition has seen his popularity nosedive since prime minister yitzhak rabin was assassinated last month , according to two opinion polls published friday  .
the dutch finance ministry announced on friday that it would float a six percent government bond issue for  years , the first one intended for covering the dutch government 's financing needs for   .
an opinion poll in racism and racial tolerance revealed friday that almost a quarter of italians consider as `` unpleasant '' the presence of immigrants from outside the european union  .
million dollars -rrb- in its precision strips -lrb-  works -rrb- division in sweden , avesta sheffield said friday  .
several meetings of high-level finance officials of  key industrial countries , initially set for early next week in strike-bound paris , will now be held in the swiss banking center of basle , diplomats said here friday  .
the palestinian militant group hamas on friday vowed to keep up the armed struggle against israel , on the eve of the eighth anniversary of the uprising  .
kenya 's opposition forum for the restoration of  -lrb-  -rrb- candidate tom onyango won western kenya 's  parliamentary seat in a by-election held thursday  .
president bill clinton threatened friday to veto the next republican budget plan as the white house signalled a new impasse in the battle with congress  .
fiat 's branches in argentina , brazil and venezuela will manufacture its new palio , a world car born of one billion dollars in development investment , company officials said friday  .
the cambodian government has issued a statement calling the creation of a newly formed opposition party illegal and is expected to quickly close the party 's headquarters , a senior government official said friday  .
a plan launched by france and germany to give them greater weight in eu decision-making seems certain to anger britain and to set small countries in the union against the four big members  .
leftist rebels blew up an often busy stretch of highway leading out of bogota to colombia 's agricultural and oil-producing east , the transport ministry reported friday  .
fifty seven free east timor protestors who left the russian embassy after a two day sit-in were late friday being questioned at the jakarta police headquarters , while two lawyers were denied access to them  .
disgruntled norwegian airmen are threatening to return home early from peacekeeping duties in bosnia unless the government comes up with more cash , their union said friday  .
the russian parliament friday criticised the bosnia peace agreement hitting out in particular at the leading role nato is to play in implementing the accords , interfax news agency said  .
blue-chip share prices edged higher in early trading friday on increased hopes for a federal reserve interest rate cut after a weaker-than-expected november employment report  .
the dollar firmed against the other major currencies except the yen friday in quiet pre-weekend trading  .
six people , including three soldiers , were killed after a grenade exploded after being accidentally dropped in a market square in bo ,  kilometres -lrb-  miles -rrb- south of the capital , according to journalists friday  .
nobel literature prize winner wole soyinka on friday labeled the military regime in nigeria as a `` bottomless evil , '' as he accepted a prize on behalf of a nigerian reporter jailed in her own country  .
strikers disrupted flights into and out of paris ' two main airports friday for the second day in a row , blocking access to one terminal for a time , officials said  .
the white house dismissed concerns friday that the irish republican army 's -lrb- ira -rrb- refusal to turn over its weapons indicated a breakdown in the peace process  .
journalists at the south african broadcasting corporation will be asked to their reveal past army , police and political party links to an internal commission , the sabc said friday  .
six children aged three to nine suffocated in an out-of-service refrigerator west of here , the official daily granma reported friday  .
swedish  kockums still hopes to win an order for two submarines for thailand , despite bribery allegations and thai suggestions that kockums be eliminated from the bidding , kockums said friday  .
representatives of more than  nations and international groups met here friday for the first full-scale meeting on the reconstruction of bosnia-hercegovina since the dayton , ohio , accord last month  .
for the first time since world war ii , ukraine has started to lose more people than it gains through migration , as large numbers leave the former soviet republic due to an economic crisis , the united nations said friday  .
zimbabwe friday kicked off preparations for its third presidential election next year by nominating , stations where voters can inspect the electoral register  .
one of south africa 's largest taxi firms on friday threatened shell with a nationwide boycott unless the oil giant ceased operations in nigeria  .
scoreboard at the close of play on the second day of the four-day tour match between boland and england here friday  .
representatives of more than  nations and international groups met here friday for the first full-scale meeting on the reconstruction of bosnia-hercegovina since the dayton , ohio , accord last month  .
sales of new homes in the united states fell  .
percent in october , the commerce department said friday , surprising analysts who expected a modest rise  .
a career best from jack russell and some gritty batting from richard illingworth gave england a healthy  first innings lead at the end of the second day of their tour match against boland here friday  .
the cash register at the corner store in argentina is about to get smarter , with businesses forced to accept electronic register monitors to put a dent in storeowners ' sales tax evasion  .
serious irregularities have emerged in the way a contract was prepared for a new assembly hall for the european parliament in strasbourg , france , a specialist weekly that covers the european union claimed friday  .
lyon goalkeeper pascal  was charged for `` possession and circulating counterfeit money '' here on friday following months of police investigations  .
government party candidate mikhail  , found shot dead friday in one of central russia 's major cities , is the latest victim of a wave of political killings in the run-up to the russian elections  .
five children were among at least  people killed in the bomb attack at a petrol station in kurdish-held northern iraq , hospital officials said here friday  .
the future of un peacekeepers in rwanda remained uncertain friday hours before their mandate was due to expire , as the kigali government differed with western countries over troop reduction  .
peter graf 's lawyers handed over details of all his daughter steffi 's earnings on friday in the hope the admission would secure his release on bail before christmas  .
swedish truck and bus manufacturer scania will start assembling trucks locally in lahore in early  with the first chassis scheduled to roll out of the new factory in march , scania said friday  .
the mozambique national resistance -lrb- renamo -rrb- opposition movement called on the government friday to launch a joint investigation into claims the party is hiding units of armed men in central mozambique  .
political violence in south africa 's kwazulu-natal province dropped to its lowest levels in more than a year last month with  deaths reported , the independent human rights committee said friday  .
the french government will delay the signature of a controversial railways restructuring plan that set off the strikes that have crippled the country for two weeks , trade union sources said friday  .
quebec jewish leaders and the province 's justice minister expressed outrage friday after a judge said that the nazis killed jews in auschwitz `` without suffering  .
nottingham forest 's uefa cup quarter-final draw with bayern munich on friday had echoes of their previous european champions cup final win  years ago  .
a man in his thirties was found shot dead friday not far from the center of belfast , police in northern ireland said  .
the russian foreign ministry friday welcomed france 's decision to cut short its nuclear testing program , the interfax news agency reported  .
political violence in south africa 's kwazulu-natal province dropped to its lowest levels in more than a year in november with  deaths reported , the independent human rights committee said friday  .
sergey yuran on friday became the third key person to leave spartak moscow football club in just three days  .
president bill clinton warned angolan president jose eduardo dos santos friday that recent cease-fire violations in the african country could threaten its fledgling us ties  .
clark will next month resume the glittering role of norma desmond , heroine of andrew lloyd weber 's musical version of the film `` sunset boulevard , '' the evergreen british actress and singer revealed friday  .
swedish car manufacturer saab automobile will switch suppliers of its automatic folding  in the  cabriolet series from the beginning of  , saab said friday  .
the irish republican army -lrb- ira -rrb- said friday it would not surrender its arms before the start of all-party peace talks on northern ireland , drawing swift rebuke from london and pro-british parties in the province  .
rachid ramda , an algerian wanted in connection with a series of terrorist bomb attacks in france , will be held here for another week while france prepares its case for extradition , a court ruled here friday  .
journalists sent by zambian president fredrick chiluba to probe press reports that he is of zairean origin and therefore ruling zambia illegally , have found no evidence to back up the claims  .
yevgeny kafelnikov earned a semi-final clash against goran ivanisevic in the six-million-dollar grand slam cup here on friday after defeating holland 's jacco eltingh in the quarter-finals  .
the german parliament -lrb- bundestag -rrb- adopted a compromise  percent pay rise for itself friday that will take effect from january  , after earlier seeing hopes of a  percent rise dashed  .
french foreign minister herve de charette on friday gave serb president slobodan milosevic until next sunday to return two french pilots missing since their mirage jet was shot down over serb held territory in bosnia since august   .
striking miners staged running battles with riot police for the second straight day in eastern france friday , in the most serious case of escalating violence accompanying the country 's social crisis  .
the london stock market ran out of steam this week , hit by profit - taking in the wake of recent record highs and affected by investors ' caution about the prospects of the british economy  .
a -year-old liberian man in ivory coast is carrying the deadly ebola virus that killed hundreds of people in zaire earlier this year , the medical sources here confirmed friday  .
the frankfurt stock market slowed its pace this week in its effort to reach the symbolic ,-point level , despite a firmer dollar , as the market worried about the continuing large-scale strikes in france - germany 's main trading partner  .
the white house dismissed concerns friday that the irish republican army 's -lrb- ira -rrb- refusal to turn over its weapons indicated a breakdown in the peace process  .
iraq denied friday that it tried to import  million dollars worth of missile parts in violation of un sanctions , saying that the equipment belonged to a jordanian `` agent '' who tried to sell them to baghdad  .
a gunman torched a harlem clothing store on friday , killing eight people , apparently including himself , after a standoff with police in which four other people were wounded , authorities said friday  .
a briton who became the first black trooper to serve in queen elizabeth ii 's prestigious household cavalry regiment wants to leave because of racist taunts , defense sources said friday  .
president fernando henrique cardoso was due to set out sunday on an international swing scheduled to take him to china , macau , malaysia and spain , officials said friday  .
french foreign minister herve de charette on friday gave serb president slobodan milosevic until next sunday to return two french pilots missing since their mirage jet was shot down over serb held territory in bosnia since august   .
pope john paul ii will make his th visit to latin america early next year in a four-country tour that will last eight days , vatican sources said friday  .
government party candidate mikhail  , found shot dead friday in one of central russia 's major cities , was the latest victim of a wave of killings in the run-up to russian elections  .
the dollar reversed an upward morning trend and lost ground friday against the other major currencies due to profit-taking fueled by uncertainty over budget talks  .
australia 's rodney eyles , the world number two , was devastating in beating world open semi-finalist mark chaloner here on friday in the second round of the mahindra international squash challenge  .
iraq denied friday it had tried to import  million dollars worth of missile parts despite un sanctions , saying they belonged to a jordanian arms dealer who tried to sell them to baghdad  .
iraqi defector general hussein kamel hassan said friday he had handed out copies of his political manifesto to opposition parties in a bid to form a joint front against president saddam hussein  .
sparta prague coach jozef  was sacked on friday , a day after his side 's elimination from the uefa cup by ac milan , according to a sparta club official  .
the white house dismissed the ira 's refusal to turn over its weapons as posturing friday , and said it did not indicate a breakdown in the peace process president bill clinton has been striving to foster  .
jacques glassmann , who revealed the  match - rigging scandal in  , was set to receive fifa 's  fair-play award here on saturday  .
some , people called staged a peaceful demonstration friday in this french possession , protesting against french prime minister alain juppe 's welfare plan  .
an advance team of nato soldiers , comprising italians and americans , is to fly into sarajevo on sunday from the alliance 's southern headquarters in naples , officials said here  .
bolivian president gonzalo sanchez de lozada arrives in paris on saturday to urge fifa officials not to ban matches at altitude  .
a man was shot dead near belfast city center friday in a killing bearing all the hallmarks of a professional attack , police in northern ireland said  .
an internal document of cigarette maker philip morris likened nicotine to a drug both in its composition and its effect on the brain , the wall street journal reported friday  .
moslem and croat party leaders in bosnia agreed friday on a deadline for the realisation of the country 's federation agreement , strengthened under the dayton peace accord  .
villas , cars , boats and other assets worth  billion lira -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- have been seized by italian authorities on suspicion of belonging to mafia members , a judicial source said friday  .
sweden 's carl bildt was friday named as the international community 's top civilian official in bosnia , in overall charge of coordinating civilian aspects of the country 's reconstruction , british defense secretary malcolm rifkind said  .
us troubleshooter richard holbrooke arrived friday for talks with croatian president franjo tudjman as part of his balkans tour ahead of the implementation of the dayton , ohio peace accords  .
senior us envoy richard holbrooke suggested to president franjo tudjman on friday that a retired american general should be appointed to oversee the transition of croatia 's eastern slavonia region  .
a twin-engine plane carrying haitians deported from french guiana crashed in a heavily forested area , killing all  people aboard , authorities said friday  .
mexico 's inflation rate for  could reach its highest level in eight years , analysts say  .
france on friday gave serbian president slobodan milosevic until sunday to return two pilots missing since their mirage fighter jet was shot down over serb-held territory in bosnia in august  .
nicaragua 's national development bank -lrb-  -rrb- is in `` serious trouble , '' burdened by bad loans which totalled   -lrb-  .
million dollars -rrb- in the first half of  , according to mundo financiero financial magazine  .
uncertainties surrounding the fate of , missing men from the former muslim enclave of srebrenica in eastern bosnia must be resolved if bosnian peace is to work , a red cross official said friday  .
the  nobel peace prize laureate , british anti-nuclear campaigner joseph rotblat , arrived in oslo late friday to attend the official nobel award ceremony here sunday , nobel committee officials said  .
the united states voiced confidence friday in the `` twin-track '' peace process despite the irish republican army 's refusal to surrender arms before the start of all-party talks  .
the un security council voted friday to extend the mission of un peacekeepers in rwanda for just four days while a debate continued over troop strength  .
first lady hillary clinton registered husband bill in the february  democratic primaries in new hampshire friday , making official the president 's candidacy for re-election  .
yellowstone in the united states , the world 's oldest national park , has been added to the united nations ' list of endangered heritage sites , unesco announced in berlin on friday  .
finnish industrial group kone has received two large orders for elevators to malaysia and thailand worth  million finnish marks -lrb-  .
the winners of the  right livelihood award , often called the alternative nobel prize , received their distinctions at an official ceremony in the swedish parliament -lrb- riksdag -rrb- on friday  .
the dollar fell friday against the major currencies , except the french franc , as profit-taking set in  .
share prices of blue chip stocks closed slightly down friday , with traders consolidating their positions after a minor correction the previous day  .
at a news conference , house budget committee chairman john kasich said republicans would spend the weekend examining the new clinton budget and the congressional budget office would release new economic assumptions on monday  .
some  people gathered friday in central park to pay homage to john lennon , murdered  years ago  .
two military officers accused of the disappearances of dozens of people in the s face additional charges in the disappearance of two  people , the honduran human rights prosecutor said friday  .
veteran us representative tom  became the th democrat this year to call it quits , announcing friday in his home state of alabama that he would not run for re-election in   .
prices of grains and soy products , except soy oil , rose friday on the chicago futures market  .
british pop singer boy george sparked outrage here friday with plans to release a song about the drug `` ecstasy , '' with mps calling for home secretary michael howard to ban the record  .
the government on friday outlined new legislation to target people in britain who arrange foreign trips on which adults commit sexual offences against children  .
us president bill clinton has urged ulster leaders to grasp the chance for peace , saying in an interview in saturday 's times they owed their people `` a future that responds to the energy in the street '' that was so apparent on his visit to the province last week  .
the european human rights commission on friday rejected as unfounded a motion against french nuclear testing in the south pacific that had been lodged by  residents of french polynesia  .
super-size superstar shaquille o'neal was taken off the injured list by the orlando magic on friday and could play his first game of the national basketball association season next tuesday  .
a federal judge ordered two swiss banks friday to relinquish millions of dollars from the estate of the late philippine president ferdinand marcos as payment in a massive class action suit  .
a federal judge ordered two swiss banks friday to relinquish millions of dollars from the estate of the late philippine president ferdinand marcos as payment in a massive class action suit  .
blue-chip share prices reached three records this week but hit resistance near , as investors adjusted their portfolios as the end of the year approaches  .
hospitalized pop icon michael jackson is showing signs of moderate improvement but was extremely ill when he collapsed this week during rehearsals , his personal physician said friday  .
the dutch government on friday made clear its opposition to public parliamentary hearings into the conduct dutch united nations troops during the fall of the bosnian moslem enclave of srebrenica last july  .
president bill clinton has widened his lead to nearly  points over the top republican presidential candidate , senate majority leader bob dole , according to a poll released friday  .
hospitalized pop icon michael jackson is showing signs of moderate improvement since he collapsed during rehearsals but will remain in intensive care for several days , his personal physician said friday  .
the russian government announced friday it would make available seven thousand billion rubles -lrb-  .
billion dollars -rrb- between now and the end of the year to finance military-industrial purchases , the interfax news agency reported  .
the state department said friday that the united states will not join asean countries in declaring southeast asia a nuclear-free zone next week unless the treaty is modified  .
china 's best known dissident , wei jingsheng , will stand trial next week on sedition charges that could carry the death penalty , family members said saturday  .
the legendary rock group the `` grateful dead '' decided to break up after three decades following the death of guitarist and band leader jerry garcia , the group said in a statement friday  .
a gunman torched a harlem clothing store friday , killing eight people , apparently including himself , after a standoff with police in which five people were wounded , authorities said  .
development experts from the world bank and japan will meet in tokyo this month to discuss global poverty and environmental destruction , the bank said friday  .
taiwan share prices finished one percent higher saturday on active trading , with eight major categories of shares rising across the board  .
chinese authorities barred canadian jay cochrane from leaving the country for not paying taxes on the , dollars he earned for walking a tightrope across china 's yangtze river last month , the china news service reported saturday  .
new zealand were all out for  runs in their first innings against pakistan at tea on the second day of the one-off test match here saturday , gaining a lead of   .
prosecutors have uncovered  secret bank accounts they say are held by former south korean president chun  , who allegedly raised at least  million dollars in a slush fund , news reports said saturday  .
lawyers were trying saturday to meet more than  protestors who spent the night being questioned at the police headquarters after staging a two-day sit in at the russian embassy in support of east timor 's independence  .
sri lanka 's moderate tamil parties saturday called for a cease-fire between government forces and tamil tiger guerrillas in the embattled jaffna peninsula in the country 's north  .
security at the french and us embassies was stepped up saturday and workers at some international organizations have taken extra precautions following a week of rising political tensions in cambodia  .
president bill clinton showed no signs of backing down saturday from a budget fight with congress that could mean the second government shutdown in a month  .
shenzhen must retain its status as china 's window to the outside world , president jiang zemin said during a visit to the special economic zone that evoked memories of deng xiaoping 's landmark  tour  .
bangladesh 's main opposition parties began a -hour nationwide strike saturday in an attempt to force prime minister khaleda zia to step down before parliamentary elections  .
opening batsmen michael slater and mark taylor gave australia a flying start to their first innings in the first cricket test against sri lanka here saturday  .
scorecard at lunch saturday on the second day of the first cricket test betwen australia and sri lanka at waca ground here  .
south korea stepped up vigilance saturday along shorelines and the demilitarized zone -lrb- dmz -rrb- dividing korea against possible infiltration from north korea , a defense ministry spokesman said  .
torture , persecution of outspoken figures and restrictions on the freedom of association continue in indonesia , the legal aid institute charged ahead of international human rights day on sunday  .
university and secondary school students clashed with police here friday , leaving  people injured in a confrontation that erupted following a -hour student strike , hospital sources reported  .
chinese vice premier qian qichen has issued a stern warning that beijing will not tolerate the use of human rights issues to stir up unrest in hong kong , prior to the colony 's reversion to chinese sovereignty in   .
pakistan held an overall lead of  runs at stumps on the second day of their one-off test match against new zealand here saturday  .
malaysian prime minister mahathir mohamad has refuted allegations by a malaysian human rights group that the country is involved in an arms race , news reports said saturday  .
australian golfer peter o'malley held a three stroke lead saturday going into the final round of the , nz dollars -lrb- , us -rrb- new zealand open tournament at the grange course here  .
a major breakdown at a powerhouse in bombay plunged the western indian city into chaos on saturday with thousands of people failing to reach offices after trains came to a halt , the press trust of india said  .
police arrested a moslem fundamentalist union leader here on saturday who is opposed to jordan 's peace treaty with israel , officials said  .
government troops and the taliban militia traded heavy rocket , machine-gun , mortar and tank rounds during a -hour battle near kabul early saturday , commanders said  .
lawyers were barred saturday from meeting more than  protesters who spent the night being questioned by police after their two-day occupation of the russian embassy in support of east timor 's independence  .
tibetan exiles in the indian capital were stopped by police saturday as they tried to march to the chinese embassy to protest beijing 's enthronement of a panchen lama , the second most important figure in tibetan buddhism  .
israeli prime minister shimon peres called on syria on saturday to help forge a `` total peace '' for the sake of a new middle east and future generations  .
cambodia 's second prime minister hun sen saturday again launched a bitter attack on `` foreign interference '' in his country but said that any demonstrations against foreign embassies here would be peaceful  .
the polish supreme court was to meet here saturday to hear an appeal by opponents of newly elected president aleksander kwasniewski to scrap his election because he allegedly lied about his educational qualifications  .
senior french government officials resumed talks with union leaders here saturday to try to end the -day public transport strike as weary commuters rested up for what looked like another week on foot  .
acting west indies skipper courtney walsh limped off with an ankle injury while bowling then saw his team capitulate for a second time in the tour cricket match against new south wales here saturday  .
scorecard at the close of the third day in the four-day cricket tour match between new south wales and the west indies here saturday  .
a congressional delegation of republicans and democrats is to meet here saturday with president franjo tudjman as part of a fact-finding mission ahead of the upcoming vote in washington on the historic nato operation  .
australian openers michael slater and mark taylor mauled the sri lankan attack on the second day of the first test here saturday  .
dutch diplomats and indonesian authorities were negotiating saturday on the fate of  people who have occupied the dutch mission since thursday in support of independence for east timor  .
scorecard at tea saturday on the second day of the first cricket test betwen australia and sri lanka at waca ground here  .
pakistan held an overall lead of  runs at stumps on the second day of their one-off test match against new zealand here saturday  .
african champions ' cup finalists orlando pirates have sacked coach joe  just one week before the second leg against asec in the ivory coast  .
the london conference on reconstruction efforts for war-torn bosnia - hercegovina opened saturday for its second and final day  .
the french government launched a huge publicity drive saturday to press home its point of view as crippling public sector strikes in protest at a controversial welfare reform package entered a third week  .
police arrested a moslem fundamentalist union leader and former mp opposed to jordan 's peace treaty with israel here saturday after he criticized king hussein , officials said  .
three people have been arrested on suspicion of cutting off the tongue of a rival 's camel to ensure it kept out of a race in yemen , police said saturday  .
opening batsman michael slater raced to  not out to put australia in total command on the second day of the first cricket test against sri lanka here saturday  .
the pilot and two medical workers on board a rescue helicopter were killed while trying to land at  airport in eastern germany around midnight friday , police said here saturday  .
prime minister shimon peres called saturday for new ideas from both israel and syria to help forge a `` total peace '' and break the deadlock in their negotiations  .
the army on saturday ordered israelis to stay out of nablus , a day after a palestinian was shot dead in the west bank town in clashes with soldiers  .
a four-year-old boy died when he stuck his head into a washing machine to recover a ball he was playing with , kuwaiti newspapers reported saturday  .
former russian parliament speaker ruslan khasbulatov saturday officially pulled out of chechen leadership elections slated for december   .
scoreboard at lunch on the third day of the four-day tour match between boland and england here saturday  .
scorecard at stumps saturday on the second day of the first cricket test betwen australia and sri lanka at waca ground here  .
the opposition democratic left party -lrb- dsp -rrb- will seek to renegotiate turkey 's customs union with the eu if it wins power in elections this month , party leader bulent ecevit was quoted as saying on saturday  .
us mediator richard holbrooke said he had renewed calls for the earliest possible release of two french pilots , missing for more than three months , in talks here with serbian president slobodan milosevic  .
police in jakarta said saturday they plan to release all  protestors detained for questioning after they staged a sit-in at the russian embassy in support of a free east timor  .
kuwait on saturday announced a ban on the sale or rental of iraqi videos and music cassettes or cds , to take effect from the end of this month  .
boland made a slow going of it in the third day of their four-day match against the touring england side here saturday , bringing their first innings total to   .
a magnificent unbeaten  by -year-old opening batsman michael slater has given australia a stranglehold on the first cricket test against sri lanka here  .
bangladeshi business leaders appealed to the country 's warring politicians to end a -month government-opposition standoff , saying the unrest was sending `` worrying signals '' to businesses and crippling the economy  .
a first group of some  us troops flew into the military airport here on saturday to set up a logistical base and transit center for the nato troops to be deployed in bosnia-hercegovina  .
oman on saturday awarded a new oil concession to a consortium of three companies , as the gulf state steps up exploration to boost its hydrocarbon reserves , the oil ministry said  .
jordan ordered the expulsion of iranian diplomat taher taheri on saturday for `` activities incompatible with his status , '' a senior official said  .
a major power breakdown here plunged bombay , india 's business capital , and three western provinces into chaos on saturday with thousands of people failing to reach their offices  .
another us transporter was to fly into tuzla airbase saturday , the third in as many days , bringing more men and equipment to prepare for the arrival of thousands of american gis , a us spokesman said  .
the ruble fell seven points saturday on the moscow interbank currency exchange ,  at , rubles to the dollar compared with , the day before  .
palestinians in the occupied west bank staged a protest strike on saturday , the eighth anniversary of the intifada against israeli rule  .
an iranian newspaper urged saudi arabia on saturday to stop playing `` big brother '' toward its partners in the gulf cooperation council and warned of a growing revolt after qatar 's walkout at a gcc summit  .
talks between miners and the state-owned coal utility to resolve a dispute over wages and pension rights ended in failure saturday just hours after being opened , union leaders said  .
police arrested a moslem fundamentalist union leader and former mp opposed to jordan 's peace treaty with israel here saturday after he criticized king hussein , officials said  .
malaysian prime minister mahathir mohamad said saturday asean would go ahead with the signing of the southeast asian nuclear weapons-free zone pact next week despite the united states ' rejection  .
russian president boris yeltsin saturday urged chechens to take part in leadership elections to be held in the breakaway republic on december  and vowed to crack down on separatists hostile to the pro- moscow authorities  .
turkish prime minister tansu ciller appealed saturday to the european parliament to ratify an eu customs union with turkey  .
the russian and german space agencies signed an accord saturday to put a german astronaut on board the mir space station at the end of next year , itar-tass news agency reported , citing russian space agency officials  .
the sri lankan cricket side has been found guilty of tampering with the ball on the second day of the first cricket test against australia here saturday  .
jordan ordered the expulsion of iranian diplomat taher taheri on saturday for allegedly trying to incite an attack on israeli tourists , a senior official said  .
the paris conference to sign peace accords on the former yugolsavia will take place on december  , a french government spokesman said saturday , despite the lack of firm information on two missing french pilots  .
world champion chen lu of china finished top in the free skating to win the women 's singles title for a second year running at the nhk trophy figure skating competition on saturday  .
steve forbes , son of the flamboyant press mogul malcolm forbes , is gaining credibility as a candidate for  nomination for the presidential elections  .
us troubleshooter richard holbrooke renewed calls for the earliest possible release of two french pilots , missing for more than three months , in talks here with serbian president slobodan milosevic  .
the sri lankan cricket side has been found guilty of tampering with the ball on the second day of the first cricket test against australia here saturday  .
france 's luc alphand fought off an all-austrian challenge here on saturday to complete a winning double in the first two downhills of the new season  .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- has begun measures to compensate thousands of creditors of local branches of the collapsed bank of credit and commerce international -lrb- bcci -rrb- , officials here said saturday  .
a group of protesters holed up in the dutch embassy for two days were taken saturday from the embassy compound to an unknown destination in two buses flanked by military motorbikes and seven police cars  .
ankara prosecutors have instigated proceedings against  human rights activists , following publication of a memorial book , according to a statement published here saturday  .
a former chief executive of investment banking at barings denied he tried to cover up unauthorised trading by nick leeson , blamed for triggering the merchant bank 's collapse , the financial times reported saturday  .
scoreboard at tea on the third day of the four-day tour match between boland and england here saturday  .
giovanni  , the reputed banker to italy 's underworld , is to stand trial for money laundering from february  in this city in the southeast of sicily , a judicial official said saturday  .
ninety-three drug traffickers have been killed and  others wounded in clashes with police in the past four months , interior minister ali mohammad besharati said saturday  .
venezuelan oil workers reached a contract deal with the state oil firm petroleos de venezuela -lrb- pdvsa -rrb- , avoiding what could have been a costly strike , union leaders said saturday  .
a four-year-old boy died in hospital and was buried saturday after a bloody hostage-taking in the north ossetian capital vladikavkaz -- the fourth child to die in the incident , interfax news agency reported  .
prime minister viktor chernomyrdin will head the russian delegation to the signing of the peace accords on former yugoslavia in paris on thursday , interfax news agency reported saturday , citing russian government officials  .
tanzania marked its th independence anniversary quietly saturday , with newly elected president benjamin mkapa inspecting a guard of honor at the national stadium here  .
a major fire in a sauna parlor has killed  women in the southern chinese city of guangzhou , the xinhua news agency reported saturday  .
a car was torched and a bank firebombed in bayonne ,  france , after france expelled a member of the basque separatist movement eta , police said saturday  .
on the richter scale rocked northern thailand late saturday causing some damage , although there were no immediate reports of casualties , weathermen said  .
a group of protestors ended a three-day sit-in at the dutch embassy in support of independence for east timor , the second at a foreign mission here in the past few days  .
france 's luc alphand fought off an all-austrian challenge to become the first frenchman to win a world cup downhill here on saturday  .
scoreboard at close of the tour match between boland and england here saturday  .
syria on saturday criticised israeli prime minister shimon peres over his insistence on having early warning stations on the golan heights , saying it would undermine his upcoming talks in washington  .
embattled french prime minister alain juppe offered an olive branch of talks to union leaders saturday , as crippling public-sector strikes over welfare reform dragged into a third week  .
jordan ordered the expulsion of iranian diplomat said  on saturday for allegedly trying to incite an attack on israeli tourists , a senior official said  .
england 's four-day tour game was shortened by a day as the match meandered towards an inconclusive end here saturday  .
a french court sentenced -year-old algerian , mohamed  , to seven years in prison for attempting to murder a man pasting up national front posters , legal sources said saturday  .
french foreign minister herve de charette saturday refused to indicate how france might respond if serbian president slobodan milosevic failed to respond to a sunday deadline for return of two missing french pilots  .
a task force of  people is needed to implement elections in bosnia - hercegovina , while an international police force requires , officers , an international conference on reconstruction in war-torn bosnia agreed sunday , according to british officials  .
german federal prosecutors have launched a murder inquiry against iranian minister of intelligence and security ali fallahian , the news magazine focus has reported , quoting a court spokesman  .
poland 's supreme court on saturday upheld the presidential election won last month by former communist aleksander kwasniewski even though it concluded he lied about his educational background  .
premiership leaders newcastle united suffered their second defeat of the season on saturday , but the - setback at chelsea went unpunished as manchester united were held by sheffield wednesday  .
four hapless horses got in the way of paraguayan air force bombing raids meant to destroy secret airstrips used in the flourishing smuggling trade with brazil  .
french rail workers saturday voted to continue strikes now in their third week , following a meeting between unions and a government - appointed mediator  .
the iraqi army is pressing ahead with a campaign to repair vehicles and weapons damaged in the  gulf war and the - war against iran , defense minister general sultan hashem ahmad said saturday  .
bayern munich and borussia dortmund can thank lowly munich  should this weekend be the start of a two-horse race in the german bundesliga , usually the closest major league in europe  .
french rail workers saturday voted to continue strikes now in their third week , following what they called a fruitless meeting with a government-appointed mediator  .
bordeaux 's reserve keeper franck  was banned for two months for testing positive for an  drug as he sat on the bench in a home match against montpellier in september  .
the london conference on reconstruction of war-torn bosnia ended saturday with the announcement of six main achievements toward implementation of the dayton peace accords in the former yugoslav republic  .
the world bank has estimated bosnia 's short-term reconstruction needs as costing  million to  million dollars , european union commissioner hans van den broek said here saturday  .
british nobel peace prize winner joseph rotblat said here saturday that the prize was a welcome recognition of his work , but that much remained to be done to highlight the dangers of nuclear weapons  .
aided by a mole working for the kremlim from inside the cia , moscow warped us views of key developments in russia and the soviet union for nearly a decade , cia director john deutch said in a report  .
a russian aeroflot jetliner made an emergency landing here saturday because of trouble with one of its three engines , interfax news agency reported  .
sinn fein deputy leader martin mcguinness saturday called for an immediate meeting between party president gerry adams and british prime minister john major in preparation for all-party talks on northern ireland  .
international airports here gradually resumed normal services saturday a day after an air traffic controllers ' strike severely disrupted scheduled flights out of roissy-charles de gaulle and orly airports , aviation authorities said  .
frenchman jacques glassmann , whose revelations of match-rigging in may  brought down olympique marseille , won the  fifa fair-play award here on saturday  .
the netherlands has complained to indonesian authorities over security at its embassy in jakarta after protestors demanding independence for east timor stormed the compound , the dutch foreign ministry said saturday  .
argentina 's government has decided not to seek international bids for oil exploration in waters to the east of the disputed british-ruled falkland islands , officials said saturday  .
gordon durie clinched a - victory for scottish premier division leaders rangers on a disastrous saturday afternoon for struggling partick , who had steve docherty stretchered off and fellow striker wayne foster sent off in the dying seconds  .
american todd martin caused a sensation and disappointed the home crowd as he ousted germany 's boris becker - , - , - , - -lrb-  -rrb- to reach the final of the six-million-dollar grand slam cup here on saturday  .
a -nation conference on reconstruction of post-war bosnia saturday expressed support and solidarity for france in its efforts to recover two pilots missing since they were shot down over serb-held territory in august  .
england 's rugby union chiefs said saturday they were resigned to losing their top players if australian ross turnbull 's second attempt to take over the game in europe is successful  .
midfielder roy keane was ruled out on saturday of the republic of ireland 's european championship play-off against holland at anfield on wednesday  .
a bomb threat forced an air canada jet to make an emergency landing in this newfoundland city , officials said saturday  .
legendary italian politician giulio andreotti , on trial for alleged collusion with the mafia , admitted saturday he `` almost '' regretted his nearly -year political career , during which he was seven times prime minister  .
the united states has proposed direct talks next month between cypriot president glafcos clerides and turkish-cypriot leader rauf denktash in a bid to resolve the island 's -year division , clerides said saturday  .
the murder of a  in belfast bore the hallmark of the ira and was probably linked to drugs racketeering , sources said saturday  .
a jewish settler was shot and seriously wounded on saturday while driving near the west bank town of bethlehem , palestinian sources said  .
brazil 's gil de ferran , indy-car rookie of the year last season , has rejected an offer to drive in formula one to remain with the united states-based circuit  .
a jewish settler was shot and seriously wounded on saturday while driving near the west bank town of bethlehem , palestinian sources said  .
wimbledon manager joe kinnear revealed on saturday that his poorly supported premiership club could move out of south-east london to cardiff in a move that would boost their profile as well as their financial clout  .
egypt 's opposition parties , crushed in legislative elections , vowed saturday to form a common front to seek the dissolution of parliament and a new vote under international supervision  .
the us senate is expected to start confirming ambassadorial nominees within days following resolution of a dispute over foreign affairs spending between a key senator and the clinton administration  .
former all black john gallagher , once regarded as the best full-back in the world , made an impressive debut for london-based harlequins in a - , -try demolition of third division  park  .
second-placed manchester united missed a golden chance to step up the pressure in the title race after failing to make the most of premiership leaders newcastle 's second defeat of the season at injury -  chelsea  .
american todd martin caused a sensation and disappointed the home crowd as he ousted germany 's boris becker - , - , - , - -lrb-  -rrb- to set up a final against goran ivanisevic in the six-million-dollar grand slam cup here on saturday  .
canadian prime minister jean chretien will lead a delegation of provincial and business leaders to six asian countries next month , official sources said saturday  .
egypt 's supreme administrative court on saturday postponed a ruling on whether to cancel vote results in a quarter of the seats in the newly - elected parliament due to allegations of widespread fraud  .
the world bank saturday proposed a three-year ,  .
billion dollar emergency plan to help rebuild bosnia after nearly four years of war  .
after  marriages , six divorces and numerous children mohammed murad of the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- said saturday he was eager to take more wives  .
qatar said saturday it will boycott meetings of the gulf cooperation council -lrb- gcc -rrb- if the new secretary general , a saudi whose appointment doha opposed , stays in his post  .
a  million-dollar court case involving american football practice players will be heard by the united states supreme court for a ruling that could affect the entertainment and construction industries  .
somalia 's aid coordination body expressed concern saturday over recent alarming statements by a somali faction threatening international aid officials in somalia  .
czech archaeologists uncovered a  family tomb of a pharaonic noble in the  necropolis outside cairo , their embassy in cairo said on saturday  .
france glimpsed a breakthrough in a crippling strike deadlock saturday after the government and leading unions indicated they were prepared to negotiate controversial welfare reform plans which have triggered the country 's worst social unrest in almost  years  .
algeria 's islamic salvation front -lrb- fis -rrb- accused the hardline armed islamic group -lrb- gia -rrb- of the murder in july of one of its founding sheikhs in paris , the arab daily al-hayat reported on saturday  .
warren moon threw for  yards and two touchdowns here saturday , leading minnesota past cleveland - to keep alive the vikings ' national football league playoff hopes  .
aids pioneer jean-luc montagnier called saturday for more research into african ways of treating the killer disease  .
aids pioneer luc montagnier called saturday for more research into african ways of treating the killer disease  .
czech archaeologists uncovered a richly decorated family tomb of a pharaonic noble in the  necropolis outside cairo , their embassy in cairo said on saturday  .
israeli prime minister shimon peres left late saturday for the united states for talks with us president bill clinton on ways to unlock stalled peace talks with syria  .
orlando 's shaquille o'neal returns to practice on monday after missing the first month of the national basketball association season with a broken thumb  .
paris saint germain stretched their lead to nine points in the french championship on saturday following their biggest win of the season -- a - home victory against title holders nantes  .
us olympian todd lodwick tripped himself  meters from the finish and also took down norwegian rival halldor skard , costing both the nordic combined world cup season opener here saturday  .
the rwandan government threatened saturday to terminate the mandate of the un peacekeeping force operating in the central african country unless it reduces its troop strength , state radio said  .
the powerful mohajir qaumi movement -lrb- mqm -rrb- announced a three-day mourning period after self-exiled leader altaf hussain 's elder brother and nephew were found dead here saturday , party leaders said early sunday  .
atletico madrid gave barcelona a footballing lesson as they thrashed them - in the spanish championship on saturday to widen their lead at the top to four points over the catalonian club  .
british authorities have frozen a bank account containing  .
million dollars belonging to the jailed brother of former mexican president carlos salinas , mexican officials said  .
egyptian prosecutors on saturday asked for the death sentence against two moslem militants and life sentences for  others accused of plotting to assassinate government ministers , legal sources said  .
charges have been brought against an army colonel in connection with a  massacre of  peasants in southeast colombia , according to press reports saturday  .
western samoa taught the south west division a lesson in physical rugby as they thrashed them - with a superior try count of four to two in wintry gloucester on saturday  .
the israeli army pulled out of this west bank town overnight saturday under a hail of stones and jeers from the local population , witnesses reported  .
hospitalized pop icon michael jackson is `` alert , '' but is still being fed intravenously and must stay in intensive care for several more days , a hospital spokesman said saturday  .
pakistan , determined not to repeat their first innings collapse , had played themselves into a strong position against new zealand at lunch on the third day of the one-off test match here  .
warren moon threw for  yards and two touchdowns here saturday , leading minnesota past cleveland - to keep alive the vikings ' national football league playoff hopes  .
hundreds of heavily armed police commandos sunday launched fresh operations against tamil tiger guerrillas in eastern sri lanka , officials here said  .
a court here early sunday sentenced a ukrainian cargo ship captain and his second in command to life in prison for having ordered the deaths of eight african stowaways aboard the mc ruby in   .
ijaz ahmed scored his fourth test century in the one-off test match against new zealand at lancaster park here sunday but his team lost valuable wickets in the second innings between lunch and tea  .
a court here early sunday sentenced a ukrainian cargo ship captain and his second in command to life in prison for having ordered the deaths of eight african stowaways aboard the mc ruby in   .
two current cabinet members are among  candidates who allegedly received illegal campaign donations from banco economico in brazil 's  elections , press reports said saturday  .
seven chilean miners were killed and  injured near the el abra copper mine in northern chile when two buses collided following a labor protest  .
a court here early sunday sentenced a ukrainian cargo ship captain and his second in command to life in prison for having ordered the deaths of eight african stowaways aboard the mc ruby in   .
opener michael slater surged past the previous highest test score at the waca ground as australia moved towards a mammoth total in the first cricket test against sri lanka here sunday  .
scorecard at lunch on the third day of the first cricket test between australia and sri lanka at waca ground here sunday  .
defiant ex-president chun doo-hwan entered his eighth day on hunger strike in prison sunday as prosecutors probing his  coup questioned former army colleagues over the putsch  .
poland is to write off half of vietnam 's debts with it and has worked out innovative ways of dealing with the remainder after a visit here by deputy prime minister grzegorz kolodko , reports said sunday  .
sri lanka 's minuscule air force , which has a poor record of losing six aircraft together with  passengers and crew within a seven-month period this year , sunday announced it won a `` quality award  .
pakistan held an overall lead of  runs with three wickets in hand at the end of the third day of their one-off test match against new zealand at lancaster park here sunday  .
jailed ex-president roh tae-woo fired a south korean air force chief in  because he opposed a controversial military deal to buy f- jet fighters from us firm general dynamics , prosecutors said sunday  .
hundreds of heavily armed police commandos sunday fanned out from their camps in eastern sri lanka to launch fresh operations against tamil tiger guerrillas , officials here said  .
up to three tonnes of sodium leaked from the cooling system of japan 's first fast-breeder reactor in an accident which has sparked major concern in the country , officials said sunday  .
seventeen people were arrested in a raid on a suspected moslem extremist hideout here , as police in the southern philippines went on alert for another possible attack by moslem terrorists , officials said sunday  .
afghan government jets have bombed a major taliban stronghold outside of the besieged capital kabul , killing  of the islamic warriors , the defense ministry said sunday  .
, whose interests range from tobacco to hotels , began a meeting here sunday to choose a successor to chairman krishan lal  , who steps down this month  .
elegant middle-order batsman mark waugh  up another test century as australia continued to wallop the sri lankan attack in the first cricket test here sunday  .
scorecard at tea sunday on the third day of the first cricket test between australia and sri lanka at the waca ground here  .
iran has ordered the expulsion of a jordanian diplomat after the first secretary at the iranian embassy in jordan was told to leave the country , the official agency irna reported  .
australian golfer peter o'malley , the overnight leader , won the ,-us-dollar new zealand open golf tournament at the grange course here sunday  .
a civilian plane from bahrain landed at the  airport here on sunday following a bomb alert , the official agency irna said  .
vietnam on sunday showed off its largest-ever construction project , the hoa binh dam , to cuban leader fidel castro , who bemoaned his own country 's energy problems  .
three norwegian soldiers serving with the un observer force in southern lebanon were wounded sunday when they were hit by israeli artillery fire , israeli military officials said  .
a plane from the united arab emirates carrying  passengers and crew landed here sunday following a bomb alert , a civil aviation authority official said  .
yemeni president ali abdallah saleh 's ruling party on sunday accused a resigning islamic fundamentalist minister of having used his position to supply food to his party 's supporters  .
tanzanian president benjamin mkapa arrives here on monday for a two - day official visit to kenya , the official kenya news agency -lrb- kna -rrb- announced sunday  .
elite police commandos backed by the air force and army troops fanned out in eastern sri lanka sunday on a search-and-destroy mission against tamil guerrilla jungle bases , officials here said  .
police on sunday questioned  east timor independence supporters after they ended a three-day sit-in at the dutch embassy having again turned the international spotlight on the troubled territory  .
israeli forces wounded three norwegian peacekeeping soldiers in southern lebanon on sunday in a fragmentation bomb attack outlawed under international conventions , un observers charged  .
us company wisconsin central transport corporation has taken over running a train reserved for the british royal family , as part of controversial british rail privatisation , a rail spokesman announced sunday  .
jailed ex-president roh tae-woo fired a south korean air force chief in  because he opposed a controversial military deal to buy f- jet fighters from us firm general dynamics , prosecutors said sunday  .
iran is ready to fight an `` -year war '' to defend three disputed islands in the gulf , the deputy commander of the navy said in an interview published sunday  .
a philippines film telling the story of a filipina maid who was hanged in march for a double murder in singapore has won the golden pyramid award at an international film festival here  .
ukrainians went to the polls sunday to elect candidates to  empty parliamentary seats in a vote that could tip the balance of power in parliament between reformers and leftists  .
the german federal prosecutor 's office in karlsruhe said sunday that it was opening an investigation against iranian security minister ali fallahian for alleged involvement in murder  .
rain robbed new south wales of victory over west indies on a rain-hit final day of their first class match here sunday  .
scorecard on the final day in the cricket tour match between new south wales and west indies here sunday  .
international observers criticised sunday the first round of parliamentary elections held in kazakhstan , saying they had been frequently barred from entering polling booths  .
libya on sunday denied that a senior iranian envoy had visited the country to discuss with the head of the palestinian militant group islamic jihad a plan to assassinate plo leader yasser arafat  .
a russian deputy set to stand in december  parliamentary elections died following a car crash in saint petersburg , the itar-tass news agency said sunday  .
the german federal prosecutor 's office in karlsruhe , southwest germany , said sunday it was opening an investigation against iranian security minister ali fallahian for alleged involvement in murder  .
a court here early sunday sentenced a ukrainian cargo ship captain and his second in command to life in prison for having ordered the deaths of eight african stowaways aboard the mc ruby in   .
scorecard at stumps sunday on the third day of the first cricket test between australia and sri lanka at the waca ground here  .
sri lanka face a massive task to save the first cricket test against australia at the waca ground here  .
public transport in france was at a standstill sunday as strikes over a controversial welfare reform plan continued to cripple the country with no immediate prospect of a solution  .
the radical democratic front for the liberation of palestine -lrb- dflp -rrb- has called for a boycott of historic palestinian elections due on january  , the official syrian news agency sana has said  .
sudan plans to deport immediately a number of ethiopians presently in detention for political and security reasons , it was reported sunday  .
an islamic party which includes former members of the militant hamas is to participate in the first palestinian general elections on january  , officials said sunday  .
two people were killed and another injured in a grenade attack at a hospital clinic after a week of ethnic unrest which ended in a huge rally for peace , sources here said  .
government troops are to be dispatched to contain a battle between rival moslem insurgent groups , the military said here , as police rounded up suspects of an extremist group during a raid on a safehouse in manila  .
an official fund created by the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- four years ago to encourage local weddings is seeking more funds to face a surge in demand , newspapers reported on sunday  .
israeli forces wounded three norwegian peacekeeping soldiers in southern lebanon on sunday in a cluster bomb attack outlawed under international conventions , un observers charged  .
israel formally authorized on sunday another , palestinians workers to enter its territory , a military spokesman said  .
the bosnian serb parliament will insist political leader radovan karadzic be present to sign the dayton peace accord in paris this week , speaker momcilo krajisnik said  .
palestinians threw a grenade on sunday at israeli police headquarters in ramallah on the west bank but the explosion caused no injuries , palestinian sources said  .
ten jordanian trade unions on sunday called for the release of a moslem fundamentalist leader arrested for insulting king hussein and his peace policies with israel  .
israeli forces wounded three norwegian peacekeeping soldiers in south lebanon on sunday in a cluster bomb attack outlawed under international conventions , un officials said  .
million tonnes of oil from iraq next year to cover all its energy needs , jordanian energy minister samih darwazeh said sunday  .
a plane from the united arab emirates carrying  passengers and crew made an emergency landing here sunday because of a bomb scare sparked by a bag full of newspapers  .
iran has turned down an offer from azerbaijan to play a major role in developing an off-shore oil field in the caspian sea , a senior official said sunday  .
scores at the completion of the england innings in the one-day tour match against boland here sunday  .
a first contingent of  palestinian police arrived here sunday to prepare for the partial withdrawal of the israeli army from this southern west bank town  .
the bosnian serb authorities had yet to respond by mid-day sunday -lrb-  gmt -rrb- to france 's ultimatum to provide information by sunday on two french air force pilots shot down over bosnia in august  .
british scientist joseph rotblat and the anti-nuclear pugwash movement he founded were awarded the nobel peace prize at a ceremony here sunday  .
nine out of  greeks wants their ailing prime minister , andreas papandreou , to resign , according to a public opinion poll in sunday 's eleftherotypia newspaper  .
a group of  bi-partisan us congressmen met senior bosnian government leaders sunday to seek reassurances on the safety of american troops due to implement the dayton peace accord in bosnia  .
cuban president fidel castro arrived here sunday to witness the fruits of almost a decade of private enterprise under vietnam 's communist regime  .
portuguese foreign minister jaime gama launched a veiled attack on the dutch government , as indonesian police sunday questioned  east timor campaigners who had occupied the dutch embassy in jakarta  .
qatar has broken with regional tradition by openly criticizing its gulf arab partners , the united states and the united nations , and by dropping any pretense that ties are completely harmonious  .
at least six people were killed in karachi and five banks were set on fire in hyderabad sunday , amid a general strike called by opposition mohajir qaumi movement -lrb- mqm -rrb- , residents and police said  .
lebanese soldiers raided a seafront red-light district north of beirut and arrested  people suspected of involvement in prostitution and drug trafficking , the army said in a statement on sunday  .
, whose interests range from tobacco to hotels , on sunday nominated vice-chairman yogi  as the company 's next chief , a company spokesman said here  .
a top aide of detained opposition leader chief moshood abiola , has been released from prison , one of his close colleagues told afp sunday here  .
iran called sunday for long-term oil cooperation between the five countries bordering the caspian sea or risk instability in the region  .
fifa president joao havelange denied here on sunday the acceptance of uefa 's proposals for world cup qualifying in europe was a political failure by the world governing body  .
fifty-eight protestors were released late sunday from police custody after being questioned about breaking into the dutch embassy on thursday  .
moslem militant gunmen killed two civilians and wounded two others in separate attacks in troubled southern egypt on sunday , police said  .
a senior iranian official on sunday accused the islamic fundamentalist taliban militia which controls half of afghanistan of drug smuggling  .
saudi arabia on sunday named abdullah ibn saleh  new president of its oil giant aramco , the official saudi press agency said  .
the director of the kuwait investment authority -lrb- kia -rrb- , which manages the government 's overseas funds , has resigned , finance minister nasser al-rudhan said in remarks published sunday  .
the first us marines to arrive in bosnia flew into the bosnian capital sunday on a us air force c- transport plane  .
french prime minister alain juppe , who triggered a public sector strike when he announced plans to reform the debt-ridden welfare system , met several of his ministers here sunday to assess the social unrest in the country  .
million of iran 's  to  million inhabitants are illiterate but the figures are falling , according to official statistics published sunday  .
the french company aeroports de paris has signed a contract worth almost  .
million dollars to oversee construction of a new airport here , officials said sunday  .
fifa expect revenue for the  world cup finals to be around  million swiss francs -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- , instead of  million swiss francs -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- earned at the  finals in the usa , general secretary sepp blatter revealed here on sunday  .
fifty-eight protestors were released late sunday from police custody after being questioned about breaking into the dutch embassy on thursday , police said  .
egypt 's top administrative court sunday postponed until december  a ruling on whether to cancel vote results in almost a quarter of seats won in the newly-elected parliament because of alleged fraud  .
the jebel ali free zone opened its gates to  new foreign firms this year , bringing the total number here to  since it was created  years ago , its director said sunday  .
dozens of militant jewish settlers protested on sunday against the arrival of the first palestinian police to the volatile west bank town of hebron  .
the first us marines to arrive in bosnia-hercegovina flew into sarajevo sunday on a us air force c- transport plane  .
french prime minister alain juppe , who triggered a public sector strike when he announced plans to reform the debt-ridden welfare system , met several of his ministers here sunday to assess the social unrest in the country  .
britain 's home secretary said sunday he was considering tougher measures to counter  , following a series of knife - attacks , including the stabbing of a london   .
tulkarm , handed over by israeli forces to the palestinians on sunday , is an agricultural town tucked up against israeli territory where many residents have traditionally traveled each day to work  .
bosnian serb authorities were under mounting international pressure to respond to a french deadline of late sunday for news of two pilots shot down over bosnia three months ago  .
france 's crippling public sector strike is having a positive effect on german industry , director of the franco-german chamber of commerce cornel  said in an interview sunday  .
pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto on sunday formally invited the main opposition party to hold talks with her government on constitutional reforms , reports said  .
five police and five civilians were slightly injured overnight when police forces and  youths clashed in the belfast suburb of  , a royal ulster constabulary spokesman said  .
british scientist joseph rotblat and the anti-nuclear pugwash movement he heads were awarded the nobel peace prize at a ceremony in the norwegian capital sunday  .
five police and five civilians were slightly injured overnight when police forces and  youths clashed in the belfast suburb of  , a royal ulster constabulary spokesman said sunday  .
ibf officials gave south african heavyweight francois botha a unanimous points win over germany 's axel schultz for the vacant world heavyweight title fight here sunday  .
human rights and minority groups in nigeria declared sunday , un human rights day , a day of mourning for ken saro-wiwa and his eight executed companions  .
the western european union will conduct phase one of its first crisis management exercise later this month , it announced in a communique sunday  .
six months after considering quitting the sport atle skaardal lead norway to a convincing one-two when he won the super-g world cup race here on sunday  .
british scientist joseph rotblat was formally awarded the  nobel peace prize sunday and immediately appealed for a world free of nuclear weapons and an end to war  .
julio anguita on sunday was re-elected secretary-general of the spanish communist party at a congress that pledged `` support and solidarity '' to striking public-sector workers in france  .
scores at end of the one-day tour match between boland and england here sunday  .
begging can bring its rewards in jordan , where unemployment is running at around  percent and the average monthly salary is no more than  dinars -lrb-  dollars -rrb-  .
president fernando henrique cardoso departed sunday on an international swing scheduled to take him to china , macau , malaysia and spain , officials said  .
israeli forces wounded three norwegian un peacekeepers in south lebanon on sunday in a cluster bomb attack outlawed under international conventions , un officials said  .
turkey 's biggest trade confederation turk-is on sunday re-elected veteran unionist  meral , who led this year 's mass strikes , as its chairman  .
israel has sent agents from its internal security service shin beth to cairo for the first time to search passengers on el al flights amid fears of hijack attempts , an egyptian weekly reported sunday  .
in a  million dollar deal , according to a maybelline news release issued sunday  .
kenya 's daniel  saw off double european champion paulo guerra to win an international cross-country event here on sunday  .
a group of  bi-partisan us congressmen met senior bosnian government leaders sunday to seek reassurances on the safety of american troops due to implement the dayton peace accord in bosnia  .
goran ivanisevic of croatia slammed down  aces to blast his way to a - , - , - win over american todd martin in the final of the lucrative grand slam cup here sunday  .
norway 's defense authorities will ease restrictions for allied visits in the northermost county of  bordering on russia , a military spokesman announced  .
the rwanda war crimes tribunal is to make its first indictments on tuesday , clerk   said here at the tribunal 's headquarters  .
when president bill clinton heads to paris this week for the bosnia peace pact signing , he carries the torch for a country he is trying to shape as the leading peacemaker in the post cold-war era  .
british scientist joseph rotblat was formally awarded the  nobel peace prize sunday and immediately appealed for a world free of nuclear weapons and an end to war  .
israel 's armed forces chief general amnon shahak stressed on sunday the strategic war-time value of the annexed golan heights which syria wants returned in full as the price for a peace deal  .
un secretary-general boutros boutros-ghali was due sunday evening to meet iraq 's deputy premier , tareq aziz , to discuss a un resolution allowing baghdad to sell oil to buy food and medicine , the united nations said here  .
an arab human rights group called for the authorities to explain the disappearance of libyan opposition figure mansur  who was last seen in the egyptian capital exactly two years ago on sunday  .
us vice president al gore deplored sunday the bosnian croat scorched - earth campaign across western bosnia but said that it was `` unrealistic '' to expect calm to be fully restored this soon to bosnia  .
norway 's far-right progressive party has risen in weekend polls to become the country 's second largest opposition party  .
british scientist joseph rotblat was formally awarded the  nobel peace prize sunday and immediately appealed for a world free of nuclear weapons and an end to war  .
authorities in caracas were investigating a long-distance phone impostor who has been claiming to be president rafael caldera and dialing world leaders in britain , italy and the united states  .
a surge in kidnappings and extorsion by leftist rebels has prompted colombia 's government to create a new ,-troop anti-insurgent front , its new commander said sunday  .
the first two trains carrying nato military equipment for the bosnia peace implementation force entered hungary on sunday , a border guard spokesman said  .
the us embassy in riyadh has received `` unconfirmed information '' that bomb attacks may be planned against western interests in saudi arabia , the state department has said  .
germany and poland opened a joint youth center in the northeastern town of olsztyn on sunday aimed at bringing young people from the two countries closer together after decades of often strained relations  .
the queen elizabeth ii has canceled a scheduled stopover in the french channel port of le havre tuesday as france continues to be hit by crippling strikes , the tourist office said here sunday  .
formula one team williams declared on sunday that it was too soon to comment on claims that ayrton senna 's death was caused by a faulty steering rod  .
the us embassy in riyadh has received `` unconfirmed information '' that bomb attacks may be planned against western interests in saudi arabia , the state department has said  .
nearly  people protested against french and chinese nuclear tests on the sidelines of nobel peace prize ceremonies here sunday  .
french prime minister alain juppe said sunday he would meet with labor union leaders monday in a bid to defuse a crippling -day strike  .
fifa , world football 's governing body , confirmed on sunday the following qualifying procedures submitted by the six continental confederations for the  world cup finals in france for which the full draw will be made on tuesday  .
unidentified assailants opened fire at an office of turkey 's ruling true path party in istanbul late sunday , killing one person and injuring six people , police said  .
a maori tribe has warned the owners of a replica of the sailing ship sailed by captain james cook to stay out of their waters , the new zealand herald reported monday  .
a former secretary general of the banned moslem brotherhood has returned home under an amnesty after  years of exile , syrian officials said sunday  .
prime minister alain juppe offered to meet with union leaders monday and made a key concession on pension rights to railway workers who have led strikes that have crippled much of france for  days  .
prime minister alain juppe offered sunday to meet with labor union leaders and made a key concession over pension rights to railway workers leading a strike that has crippled much of france for  days  .
russian deputy foreign minister sergei  arrived here sunday offering to help efforts to find a settlement between the greek and turkish-cypriot communities on this divided island  .
leftist candidates swept to victory in at least four by-elections to the national assembly on sunday , as continuing strike action and the deep unpopularity of prime minister alain juppe 's government hurt rightist hopefuls  .
israel and the palestinian self-rule authority on sunday discussed a plan to build a  linking gaza and the west bank over israeli territory , a palestinian minister said  .
gary anderson kicked two field goals in the final three minutes to give philadelphia a - upset of dallas , preventing the cowboys from clinching a national football league playoff spot  .
europe 's top soccer `  ' ignored the fast-approaching festive season at the weekend  .
south africa 's josiah  edged defending champion benson masya of kenya to win the closest finish in the -year history of the honolulu marathon here sunday  .
even the threat of a new war in bosnia will not prompt the united states to keep its peacekeeping troops there for more than a year , president bill clinton said in a television interview to be broadcast late sunday  .
leftist candidates swept to victory in five by-elections to the french national assembly on sunday , as continuing strike action and the deep unpopularity of prime minister alain juppe 's government hurt rightist hopefuls  .
a french ultimatum demanding the return by sunday of two pilots shot down over bosnian serb territory expired without comment from paris on measures to be taken against serbian president slobodan milosevic  .
scorecard at lunch on the fourth day of the one-off cricket test between pakistan and new zealand here monday  .
a frail new zealand batting line-up faces a big task on the fourth day of their one-off cricket test against pakistan here monday  .
- yen here in early morning trading monday , compared with  .
share prices opened higher on the tokyo stock exchange on monday , with the nikkei stock average rising  .
don king , who was chased from new jersey because he faces charges of tax fraud , seeks a tax break from this city where mike tyson and buster mathis jnr will fight on saturday  .
a french ultimatum demanding the return by sunday of two pilots shot down over bosnian serb territory expired without comment from paris on measures to be taken against serbian president slobodan milosevic  .
us space engineers sunday started to decode the first signals transmitted last week by the jupiter probe  .
prime minister alain juppe is monday expected to meet leaders of striking french unions , who nonetheless vowed to carry on with their work stoppage after dismissing a government concession on pension rights as insufficent  .
us dollars an ounce , against friday 's closing rate of  .
more than half the electorate in  ukrainian parliamentary districts voted sunday , meeting a state law requiring  percent participation in a constituency for results to be valid , the electoral commission said in a preliminary estimate  .
share prices closed the morning session mixed on the tokyo stock exchange on monday , with bargain-hunting absorbing light profit - taking , brokers said  .
results in legislative elections in belarus sunday were validated in  of  districts where more than half the electorate turned out , the electoral commission said in an initial estimate , adding that overall participation averaged only  .
pakistan were charging towards a convincing victory at tea on the fourth day of their one-off cricket test against new zealand here monday  .
prosecutors on monday questioned an agent for us firm general dynamics -lrb- gd -rrb- to confirm whether the aircraft producer bribed jailed ex - president roh tae-woo to win contracts for a major fighter project  .
scorecard at tea on the fourth day of the one-off cricket test between pakistan and new zealand here monday  .
china 's leading dissident wei jingsheng will be tried in public on wednesday on charges of plotting to overthrow the government , a court spokesman said monday  .
the city of nablus in the northern part of the west bank was declared a military zone with access forbidden to israelis as of sunday night , a military source reported  .
a -year-old japanese man was arrested monday for killing his  - year-old mother after losing his temper with her for not doing any housework in two months , police said  .
japan 's prime minister tomiichi murayama ordered the science and technology agency monday to disclose all details of a sodium leak which led to the emergency shutdown of a fast-breeder reactor on friday  .
vietnamese foreign minister vo van kiet believes the battle against corruption `` will take years '' as hanoi strives to modernize its economy , the nation daily reported monday  .
china 's leading dissident wei jingsheng will be tried on wednesday on charges of plotting to overthrow the government , a court spokesman said monday  .
shanghai authorities have arrested a former finance bureau director on bribery and embezzlement charges involving more than  .
million yuan -lrb- , dollars -rrb- , a newspaper reported monday  .
ichiro ozawa , the backroom party boss who pulled the shots under three japanese prime ministers , was poised monday to join the leadership race for the opposition new frontier party  .
a shanghai court has sentenced two thieves to life imprisonment for snatching a handbag with , yuan -lrb- , dollars -rrb- in it , a newspaper reported monday  .
a number of east timorese protestors who took part in a sit in at the dutch embassy last week plan to seek asylum , alleging police brutality during their interrogation , a protestor said monday  .
china will have to speed up state sector reform to stem the steady increase in losses caused by the growing number of state firms falling into debt , vice premier wu bangguo was quoted as saying monday  .
scorecard at lunch monday on the fourth day of the first cricket test between australia and sri lanka at the waca ground here  .
sri lanka lost four crucial second innings wickets in the pre-lunch session and were in dire danger of being beaten by an innings by australia in the first cricket test here monday  .
thai media tycoon sondhi limthongkul said monday he was prepared to lose  million dollars on his latest venture , asia times , which he intends to position as asia 's answer to western financial newspapers  .
asean foreign ministers and finance ministers held separate meetings here monday to prepare for a southeast asian leaders ' summit opening on thursday  .
an  -hour general strike across bangladesh monday entered its final day with home-made bombs going off sporadically in dhaka and the second city chittagong , witnesses and police said  .
sri lanka 's influential buddhist clergy has for the first time supported a radical ethnic peace plan following a key government victory over tamil tiger rebels in the country 's north , officials said monday  .
karachi , pakistan 's commercial hub , remained largely paralysed monday as a strike called by the opposition mohajir qaumi movement -lrb- mqm -rrb- to protest against the murders of two relatives of its top leader entered the second day  .
experts from  countries in southeast asia and the pacific met in hanoi monday to discuss growing drug abuse and ways to reduce demand for illegal narcotics in the region  .
scorecard at stumps on the fourth day of the one-off cricket test between pakistan and new zealand here monday  .
two people were killed by a landslide set off by heavy rains , as the coastguard prepared to tow a stranded pakistani cargo ship to safety from the weather , officials said monday  .
percent lower on monday with the nikkei stock average pressured by light selling as buyers kept to the sidelines after recent gains , brokers said  .
the dollar was slightly lower against the yen here monday , with participants moving to the sidelines amid an absence of fresh incentives , brokers said  .
percent lower on monday with the nikkei stock average pressured by light selling as buyers kept to the sidelines after recent gains , brokers said  .
the international air transport association -lrb- iata -rrb- , which gathers the world 's airlines , has drawn up a plan aimed at easing congestion in asia-pacific airports and airspace , officials said monday  .
the indian parliament adjourned in uproar for a fourth day in a row on monday with opposition lawmakers pressing for the resignation of communications minister sukh ram for alleged corruption  .
pakistan need three wickets on the final day tuesday to beat new zealand in their one-off cricket test here  .
-lrb- gd -rrb- monday over suspicions that the us aerospace giant bribed former ex-president roh tae-woo to win a share of south korea 's biggest fighter project  .
skipper arjuna ranatunga and romesh kaluwitharana fought desperately to keep sri lanka in their one off test against australia here monday  .
belarus said monday that enough deputies had been elected to form a new parliament in the wake of a fourth round held sunday in which turnout reached  .
the rand maintains against the dollar , opening monday at  .
a china airlines boeing  was damaged on monday when it hit a  on the runway of manila airport  .
percent lower monday as investors locked away profits in the absence of fresh incentives , dealers said  .
percent monday as investors locked away profits in lacklustre trade  .
south korean prosecutors on monday detained a security advisor to former president roh tae-woo as part of a widening corruption investigation into military contracts , witnesses said  .
two senior members of the aum supreme truth cult admitted monday they had released deadly nerve gas into the tokyo subway in march  .
egypt is prepared to join nato in sending troops in a force to implement peace accords in bosnia , foreign minister amr mussa said in an interview with the government daily al-ahram on monday  .
one of the top commanders of the ,-strong nato force to deploy in bosnia in coming weeks was expected here monday for an update on preparations in setting up the historic operation  .
egypt will send a mission to help oversee palestinian self-rule elections set for january  , foreign minister amr mussa said on monday  .
sudan has ordered measures to win over the population living in areas recaptured from rebels in the mainly non-islamic south of the country , it was reported monday  .
gulf arab leaders have rejected proposals for unifying customs tariffs on foreign imports as part of an economic pact aimed at creating a common market , a senior gulf official told a newspaper on monday  .
tripoli has offered to help britain in investigation the murder of a libyan opposition figure in london last month , the arab daily al-hayat reported on monday  .
the franc fell by more than one  against the mark early on monday within hours of remarks by french prime minister alain juppe implying that he would make concessions over reforms which are behind nationwide strikes  .
the death toll from violence in karachi rose to seven monday and the city remained in the grip of a strike called by the city 's main opposition group to protest at two murders  .
french share prices fell sharply in initial trading on monday  .
-lrb- gd -rrb- monday over suspicions that the us aerospace giant bribed former ex-president roh tae-woo to win a share of south korea 's biggest fighter project  .
at least five people were killed and seven injured when a group of armed men launched an overnight attack in a shanty town east of johannesburg , police said monday  .
percent in november from the figure for october and by  .
percent over  months , provisional official figures showed on monday  .
afghan government troops launched a massive attack on the taliban militia besieging kabul , triggering a rocket barrage on the capital , army and defense officials said monday  .
thousands of people staged a protest in front of a major textile factory in central java on monday , in a six-hour demonstration organised by pro-democracy activists to lobby for better working conditions , sources said  .
in the last year , workers in dozens of cities all over indonesia have struck , sometimes in the thousands , to demand better pay and benefits  .
australian bowler shane warne took his th wicket in test cricket , late on the fourth day of his country 's match against sri lanka , here monday  .
egypt will begin a new round of negotiations with the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- in mid-january , prime minister atef sedki said quoted by the government daily al-akhbar on monday  .
a high-ranking iranian official was due to visit baku on monday to try to resolve several points of dispute which have soured relations over the past eight months , the iran news reported  .
factories , commercial establishments and offices in india 's most industrialised state maharashtra were shut monday in response to a joint strike call by unions over a new national pension scheme  .
on the richter scale hit the jordanian red sea resort of aqaba at dawn on monday but caused no casualties or damage , civil defense officials said  .
sudan will start sending home up to , ethiopian refugees under a `` voluntary repatriation '' program due to resume friday after being suspended for more than a year  .
the authorities in china 's largest city , shanghai , have issued tight restrictions on the manufacture , sale and display of foreign flags to prevent `` misunderstandings '' and preserve national dignity , a report said monday  .
a suspected letter bomb wounded one person and destroyed a  monday at a post office here ,  kilometres -lrb-  miles -rrb- south of vienna , police said  .
south korean president kim young-sam will issue a special statement on tuesday to clarify his position on a  military coup led by two jailed presidents , chun doo-hwan and roh tae-woo , a spokesman said  .
foreign ministers of the association of southeast asian nations -lrb- asean -rrb- on monday finalized a treaty banning nuclear weapons from the region , for signing by their leaders at a summit here this week  .
shares here moved higher early monday , with sentiment underpinned by speculation that british lending rates might be cut as early as wednesday , while in paris stocks fell amid the continued strike chaos  .
chechens demonstrated and russian troops went on high alert in grozny on monday to mark the first anniversary of the start of moscow 's brutal military operation in the caucasus republic  .
israel is to build another  homes for jewish settlers on the annexed golan heights which syria wants back in exchange for peace , officials said monday  .
percent lower on monday as buyers kept to the sidelines , in line with mostly lacklustre trade on other asia pacific markets , brokers said  .
the first contingent of palestinian police arrived in the west bank town of ramallah on monday in preparation for the withdrawal of israeli troops later this month  .
the paris bourse was evacuated monday and trading on the options market suspended after a bomb alert , a bourse official said  .
opec production dropped by , barrels per day -lrb- bpd -rrb- in november to reach  .
million bpd , the specialist weekly the middle east economic survey said monday  .
a chechen separatist leader was seriously injured and several other people killed in an ambush on their convoy , itar-tass news agency reported monday , citing russian military sources  .
percent in november on an annual basis , from a revised  .
percent in october , official figures showed on monday  .
the israeli army has brought forward to wednesday its withdrawal from the northern west bank town of nablus , a day earlier than scheduled , a military spokesman said monday  .
opec production dropped by , barrels per day -lrb- bpd -rrb- in november to reach a total of  .
million bpd , the specialist weekly the middle east economic survey said monday  .
since the weekly news of the world published a picture of princess diana leaving hospital , british press commentators have been trying to decipher the hidden meaning of the number  emblazoned on her baseball cap  .
the israeli army has brought forward to wednesday its withdrawal from the northern west bank town of nablus , a day earlier than scheduled , a military spokesman said monday  .
bosnian serb leaders remained silent monday over the fate of two french airmen shot down over bosnia more than three months ago despite the expiration of a french ultimatum demanding the return of the pilots  .
scorecard at end of the first cricket test between australia and sri lanka at the waca ground here  .
president fidel castro 's visit to vietnam has been noted for the cuban leader 's pale , tired appearance , which he ascribed to catching a chill while in china last week  .
the indian parliament adjourned in uproar for a fourth straight day on monday with opposition mps demanding the resignation of communications minister sukh ram for alleged corruption  .
a letter bomb wounded one person outside a post office here monday while a second bomb was intercepted before it could go off , police said  .
police arrested an egyptian housewife attempting to smuggle  kilograms -lrb-  pounds -rrb- of ancient artefacts into gaza , the government daily al-ahram said on monday  .
a moslem separatist group which kidnapped four western tourists in kashmir alleged monday that the hostages were in the hands of the indian army , but the government denied the claim  .
twenty-six east timorese protestors who took part in a sit-in at the dutch embassy last week have sought asylum , alleging police brutality during their interrogation , a protestor said monday  .
norwegian defense minister joergen kosmo went to moscow monday for a five-day visit as guest of his russian counterpart pavel grachev  .
the chinese authorities have sentenced three beijing-based protestant activists to up to two and a half years in  camps , family members said monday  .
the united nations was on monday urged to review its civilian police peacekeeping system and deploy personnel from only one country rather than a multinational force to supervise particular trouble spots  .
a packed sas plane speeding up for takeoff at a paris airport nearly crashed when it slammed into a wheel left on the runway since falling off a japanese plane last week , an sas spokesman said  .
leading polish dailies said monday president-elect aleksander kwasniewski would face a severe handicap as the country 's new leader after the supreme court ruled he lied about his education in the election he narrowly won  .
delays by the vietnamese government in approving a -million-dollar deal by france telecom to install telephone lines could cause problems in financing the enormous project , a top executive said monday  .
the mayor of taipei monday said he would invite his counterpart from beijing to visit taiwan and would seek to forge sister-city ties with the chinese capital  .
an improvement in crude prices will slightly boost the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- economy in  despite a decline in non-oil sectors , an official study said on monday  .
mali 's sudden withdrawal because of financial reasons brought a change in africa 's qualifying system for the  world cup here on monday  .
national grid , the british national electricity distribution network , was floated on the london stock exchange monday , marking one of the final stages of electricity privatisation in britain  .
england suffered another blow on monday when  striker teddy sheringham was ruled out of tuesday 's friendly against portugal at wembley  .
percent higher in november compared to the same month last year , but were pursuing an overall downward trend , the state statistics bureau said monday  .
the un court on war crimes in the former yugoslavia said monday it had rejected a sudden bid by russia to suspend legal action against bosnian serb leaders radovan karadzic and ratko mladic  .
britain monday expelled a senior libyan diplomat , khalifa ahmed  , for `` activities incompatible with his diplomatic status , '' the foreign office said  .
india 's supreme court on monday accused a hindu nationalist leader who wields enormous clout in maharashtra , the country 's richest state , of conducting an unethical and illegal electoral campaign  .
a letter bomb wounded one person outside a post office here monday while a second bomb was intercepted before it could go off , police said  .
lebanon acting with syria has turned down an israeli request to place early warning stations on lebanese territory , defense minister mohsen  said in statements published monday  .
iran 's caviar production fell sharply in the last eight months of  by  tonnes compared with the same period the year before , the official agency irna said monday  .
state-owned french domestic carrier air inter warned of possible disruption during a day of action called by striking public sector workers tuesday  .
asean and the eu staked out new territory for cooperation monday as southeast asian economic ministers and european commission vice - president sir leon brittan held their first-ever meeting  .
the french franc remained fragile at mid-session on monday on the london forex market , weakened by the government 's first concessions in the ongoing french labor conflict , though the widespread strikes continued  .
un special envoy in former yugoslavia kofi annan met here monday with serbian president slobodan milosevic to discuss aspects of the bosnia peace agreement reached at dayton , ohio last month , officials said  .
russian authorities were on monday still trying to locate a domestic airliner four days after it vanished in siberia with  people aboard , interfax news agency reported  .
a lufthansa  put on work disability because of alcoholism can claim compensation from the airline , a judicial source said on monday  .
france backed off monday from suggestions that the yugoslav peace deal to be signed here this week should be called the `` elysee treaty , '' after the french presidential palace  .
italian prime minister lamberto dini arrived monday in bonn for a brief working visit featuring talks with chancellor helmut kohl on european issues and the madrid summit on december -  .
some  east timorese activists kept up a protest on monday outside the dutch embassy here , demanding security guarantees for fellow protesters in jakarta alleged to have suffered police brutality  .
iranian mediation has lead to the release of eight azerbaijani soldiers captured by armenians in the war for the disputed territory of nagorno-karabakh , tehran radio reported monday  .
a molotov cocktail was thrown at the offices of the islamic prosperity party -lrb- rp -rrb- here overnight , causing only slight damage and no injuries , police said monday  .
law and order forces have stepped up security measures in the run-up to russian legislative elections amid fears of sabotage and terror attacks , interfax news agency quoted police as saying monday  .
denmark 's branch of amnesty international monday urged the danish government to go ahead with a debate on tibet , despite fierce criticism from beijing , and to step up pressure on china to respect human rights  .
prince jefri , the brunei royal who rescued prestigious british jeweller asprey , is to donate three centuries-old crowns to british national heritage for exhibition with the rest of the crown jewels in the tower of london , the prince 's spokesman said monday  .
us telecommunications giant att is `` ready to conclude '' negotiations with germany 's communication network international -lrb- cni -rrb- on having the latter operate a land-based telecommunications network , att representative werner  told the weekly der spiegel , appearing on monday  .
at least two people were killed and eight injured by a powerful blast on the outskirts of the spanish capital on monday , police said  .
an irish woman died of cold and exhaustion after a fall on her third successive climb up ireland 's holiest mountain , police said monday  .
britain 's nuclear power industry decided on monday to scrap plans to build two new generating stations that would have created thousands of jobs in a cost-saving maneuver ahead of industry privatisation  .
a british soldier on monday lost a legal bid to stop a cyprus court hearing an eight-page statement in which he is believed to confess to the killing of a danish tour guide  .
a world health organisation team is in liberia to investigate possible cases of the ebola virus in the home town of a man confirmed to be afflicted with the virus , liberian national radio said monday  .
a delegation of deputies from the council of europe 's parliamentary assembly will head for russia later this week to act as observers in upcoming legislative elections , a council statement said monday  .
four people were killed and at least  injured , four of them seriously , when a booby-trapped car exploded on the outskirts of the spanish capital on monday , police said  .
total petroleum north america , a  subsidiary of french oil group total , has decided to cut its refining capacity by selling off its refinery in ark city , kansas , the french group said monday  .
greece 's ailing prime minister andreas papandreou , in hospital for three weeks , remains in stable condition and continues to breathe without a respirator , his doctors said monday  .
four people were killed and at least  injured , four of them seriously , when a booby-trapped car exploded on the outskirts of the spanish capital on monday , police said  .
the iranian embassy here on monday denied charges that one of its diplomats ordered out of jordan had tried to incite attacks on israeli tourists  .
luisito espinosa of the philippines beat manuel medina of mexico to become the new world boxing council -lrb- wbc -rrb- featherweight champion on monday  .
terry venables will unleash -goal strike combination alan shearer and les ferdinand against portugal at wembley tuesday  .
a subway clerk seriously burned two weeks ago in an attack mimicking a scene from the hit movie `` money train '' has died , media reports said monday  .
israel on monday banned a conference on economic development in the palestinian autonomous areas that was to be held in east jerusalem , police said  .
police have arrested three young women , a doctor and her assistants , on charges of performing illegal abortions at a surgery in the iranian capital , kayhan newspaper reported monday  .
french group l'oreal , the world 's biggest cosmetics group , is able to `` digest '' us makeup specialist maybelline , for which l'oreal is to launch a takeover bid in the next few days worth around  .
billion francs -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- , french analysts said on monday  .
indian construction firm larsen and toubro has tied up with us power firm sargent and lundy to enter the country 's newly-opened sector , the press trust of india said monday  .
pharmaceutical giant bristol-myers squibb announced a restructuring plan monday that will lead to a charge against earnings of between  million and  million dollars in the fourth quarter  .
four people were killed and  injured , five of them seriously , when a booby-trapped car exploded on the outskirts of the spanish capital on monday , police said  .
two french air force pilots , shot down over bosnia more than  days ago , are alive , belgrade 's independent bk television station said monday  .
a dallas team stunned by back-to-back upset losses and riddled with doubts now wonders what happened after an - start and how they can regain their momentum before the american football playoffs  .
the head of italian auto group , gianni agnelli , said monday that he would turn over the group chairmanship within a few months to group managing director cesare romiti  .
serbs from a northern bosnian town to be put under croat control under the us-brokered peace accords will evacuate the area and take along all industrial installations , serb officials said here monday  .
sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga monday ruled out a ceasefire with separatist tamil tigers , saying her goverment had done `` the maximum '' and it was now up to the rebels to come for talks  .
the white house said monday it was `` hopeful '' that two french pilots missing since they were shot down over bosnian serb territory on august  will soon be released  .
former nazi ss captain erich priebke is fit enough to remain in a military prison where he is awaiting trial for the world war ii massacre of  italian partisans , a judicial source said monday  .
eight planeloads of troops and equipment for us logistics bases in southern hungary were flying into taszar military airport on monday , a us information officer said  .
around  british troops flew into tuzla , northern bosnia , on monday , joining an existing group of around  us air force and army officers preparing the base here for the arrival of thousands of american gis , a us army spokesman said  .
the soviet union will be restored `` more quickly '' if the present leadership in moscow is ousted , the leader of the russian communist party said monday , cited by interfax news agency  .
the head of the anglican church in nigeria on monday called on the country 's military ruler to step down , calling for power to be handed over to the jailed opposition leader moshood abiola  .
a leading hebron settler rabbi moshe levinger was sentenced on monday to six months in prison for attacks on palestinians four years ago , legal officials said  .
the council of europe committee of ministers monday agreed an ordinary budget of  million francs -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- for the year  -- a rise of  million francs -lrb-  .
million dollars -rrb- over this year 's budget  .
millions of children in east asia and pacific drop out of schools each year despite the region 's high investment in education , the united nations children 's fund -lrb- unicef -rrb- said in a statement issued here monday  .
the pro-islamic welfare party , tipped by many to emerge as turkey 's largest party in the december  general election , urged the european parliament on monday not to ratify ankara 's planned customs union with the european union  .
the association of southeast asian nations -lrb- asean -rrb- on monday finalized a treaty banning nuclear weapons from the region and vowed to open up trade in lucrative services sectors to one another by   .
president nelson mandela  monday from leading an international campaign of sanctions against nigeria after failing to garner the support to isolate the military regime of sani abacha  .
the world food programme -lrb- wfp -rrb- and the nepalese government signed an agreement to supply food to feed more than , bhutanese refugees in southeastern nepal , a foreign ministry official said monday  .
moroccan prime minister abdellatif filali conferred here on monday with us assistant secretary of state for  affairs robert pelletreau , official sources said  .
one person died and seven were seriously injured as police fired warning shots during crowd violence after a weekend soccer match in a southern ghanaian city , a police source said monday  .
citibank of new york will next month become the first us bank to return here since the end of the war in an `` encouraging '' step for trade cooperation , the head of the lebanon 's banks association said monday  .
the indian government monday said it would open scheduled bids for cellular telephone services tuesday despite opposition calls for the resignation of communications minister sukh ram for alleged corruption  .
us president bill clinton opened talks here monday at the white house with visiting israeli prime minister shimon peres  .
prime minister lamberto dini said in bonn on monday that the european union 's intergovernmental conference on revision of the maastricht treaty would no doubt be held next march - in turin , northern italy  .
a senior un official stressed monday the security guarantees for all civilians in the dayton peace agreement one day before a bosnian serb referendum in sarajevo likely to reject the accord  .
sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga monday ruled out a ceasefire with tamil tiger rebels who were driven out of their former bastion of jaffna after a -day battle that claimed , lives  .
the dollar slipped slightly against other major currencies here early monday as traders hedged before the publication this week of several november economic figures , beginning with inflation data tuesday  .
the  under- world football championships will be played in malaysia and not nigeria , fifa revealed here on monday , though president joao havelange did ask the asian country if they would stand down  .
bosnian serbs have threatened to bar nato troops from entering a key serb-held area of northern bosnia unless they give advance notice of their patrols , nato said monday  .
bosnia herzegovina were officially admitted to the  world cup qualifying competition by fifa here on monday  .
the un general assembly decided monday to hold a conference next year to draft measures leading to the set-up of a permanent international criminal tribunal  .
the un mission to rwanda looked headed for renewal monday despite serious questions over its usefulness and a dispute over staffing levels  .
german police have seized more than , pirate compact discs of pop music with an estimated street value of a million marks -lrb- , dollars -rrb- , hamburg 's recording licensing authority -lrb- ifpi -rrb- said monday  .
us secretary of state warren christopher will travel to the middle east on friday to try to persuade syria and israel to renew talks on reaching a peace agreement , diplomats said here monday  .
group of  central bank governors do not fear any intensified recessionary trends in western europe , german bundesbank president hans tietmeyer said on monday after the governors ' monthly meeting in basel at the headquarters of the bank for international settlements -lrb- bis -rrb-  .
princess diana , estranged wife fo the heir to the british throne , monday boarded concorde for a -hour visit to new york where she will receive an award for her charity work  .
daniel spiegel , the us ambassador to the united nations in geneva , made a stinging attack monday on us republicans seeking to cut funding to the world body  .
the death toll from violence in karachi rose to  monday and the city remained in the grip of a strike called by the city 's main opposition group to protest at two murders  .
ford motor company said monday it would begin production of right-hand drive taurus models for export to japan , australia , new zealand , hong kong , singapore , thailand and brunei  .
italian prime minister has said that parliament should decide during the period between christmas and new year 's on whether his government should be given a new mandate , so as to stay on the job for the first half of next year , italian news agencies reported on monday  .
fifty pro-islamic officers and non-commissioned officers have been expelled from turkey 's armed forces for `` lack of discipline , '' the supreme military council said monday  .
the mayors of all the towns conquered by alexander the great , from greece to india , have been invited by the government and the mayor of the northern greek city of salonika to a congress there in  , an informed source said here on monday  .
syrian vice president abdel halim khaddam will make a four-day official visit to paris next week , during which he will meet president jacques chirac , officials said monday  .
prosecutor kamudoni nyasulu called monday for a guilty verdict against ex-president hastings kamuzu banda for conspiracy to murder as he began summing up following a five-month trial  .
israel is offering an unconditional resumption of its stalled peace negotiations with syria , foreign minister ehud barak said monday  .
a libel case brought by fast food giant mcdonalds against two unemployed environmentalists entered british legal history monday , when after  months it became the longest civil case ever in the british courts  .
a dark green aston martin sports car that prince charles used to drive to polo matches was auctioned off monday for , pounds -lrb- , dollars -rrb- , sotheby 's said  .
several suspected cases of the deadly ebola virus have been detected in a liberian village , the world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- said monday  .
michael jordan gets a chance for revenge here wednesday against the only player this season to overshadow the legendary chicago guard -- orlando 's anfernee hardaway  .
thousands of angry strikers , braving temperatures expected to reach a high of minus  degrees celsius -lrb-  fahrenheit -rrb- , brought this affluent town to a near-halt monday  .
crown prince abdallah ibn abdel aziz on monday prayed for king fahd 's health following his release from hospital last week , the official saudi news agency spa reported  .
as if prime minister alain juppe did n't have enough problems , striking rubbish collectors are causing a stink -- all too literally -- in his home town of bordeaux  .
organised labor in south africa on monday denounced a privatisation program announced last week by the south african government but agreed to enter negotiations on the proposals  .
the israeli army was set to withdraw from the west bank town of nablus on monday night ,  hours before the initial schedule , the army said  .
venezuela 's government sharply devalued the bolivar monday to a fixed rate of  to one us dollar , after keeping the rate locked at  bolivars to the dollar for  months  .
the organisation for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- on monday criticised elections held at the weekend in kazakhstan , but said democratic standards had nonetheless slightly improved in the central asian republic  .
the british government announced monday that it will cut spending on law and order in northern ireland by some  million pounds -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- over the next three years and will redirect this money into the economy instead  .
the clash of world governing body fifa with its european counterpart uefa over plans to decentralise football 's power base was shelved here on monday  .
the japanese sumo association said monday that an investigation had cleared two trainee wrestlers from the united states of accusations made in a weekly magazine that they had smoked marijuana  .
norwegian agent rune hauge , suspended by world governing body fifa for unethical practices , was banned for life here on monday for defying fifa by continuing to work  .
syrian president hafez al-assad has pledged to `` do his best to move the peace process forward , '' us president bill clinton said monday  .
european union commissioner for economic and monetary affairs yves - thibault de silguy believes that france `` retains all of its chances '' to take part in the european union 's planned single currency  .
two male members of parliament from the opposition labor party on monday began legal proceedings against their grouping , which they claim is breaching sex discrimination laws by unduly favoring women candidates  .
australians rodney eyles and brett martin crashed out to british opponents chris walker and peter nicol in the mahindra international squash challenge here monday  .
france said it was engaged monday in `` intense '' discussions with its allies and belgrade over the fate of two french pilots missing in bosnia since august  .
tyco toys announced monday it will close its manufacturing facility in  , belgium , eliminating  jobs , and will take a three million dollar charge against earnings for the closure  .
key french union leaders kept up pressure on prime minister alain juppe on monday , saying after talks that he seemed ready to make concessions , but had not yet done enough to end nationwide strikes  .
hakki  , leader of the centre-right democratic party , formed a new turkish-cypriot coalition government for breakaway northern cyprus on monday , a local news agency reported  .
the un general assembly decided monday to hold a conference next year to draft measures leading to the set-up of a permanent international criminal tribunal  .
donor countries seeking to rescue the international development association -lrb- ida -rrb- will meet on thursday and friday at  , england , rather than in paris , world bank sources said monday  .
the kurdish democratic party -lrb- kdp -rrb- , a leading group in northern iraq , said monday it accepted a ceasefire offer from separatist turkish kurds of the pkk to end several months of fighting  .
israeli troops were set monday to withdraw from nablus , the largest west bank town and a traditional flashpoint , speeding up the army 's redeployment on the territory it has occupied since   .
several suspected cases of the deadly ebola virus have been detected in a liberian village , the world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- said monday  .
prime minister alain juppe announced monday he had instructed labor minister jacques barrot to organize talks next week with all union leaders on the broad issue of employment  .
the canadian government promised monday to introduce legislation which would slap a total advertising ban on tabacco products  .
the croatian parliament will vote tuesday to adopt the landmark bosnia peace accord reached last month in dayton , ohio , local news reports said monday  .
the israeli army was set to withdraw from the west bank town of nablus on monday night ,  hours before the initial schedule , as hundreds of palestinians gathered to celebrate  .
norwegian agent rune hauge , whose , pound backhander to george graham cost the arsenal manager his job , was banned for life by fifa here on monday  .
a military court in croatia sentenced  rebel serb fighters from krajina on monday to between  and  years in prison for a  massacre of croatian civilians , the hina news agency reported  .
ron atkinson revealed on monday how he had captured leeds striker noel whelan at the third time of asking  .
nottingham forest winger ian  has agreed to sign a new contract after  talks with manager frank clark  .
university lecturers in ghana are continuing a nine-month-old strike despite a government order to return to work , a union official said monday  .
prime minister alain juppe on monday said he was `` freezing '' a railway restructuring plan which has been at the heart of a crippling transport strike now in its third week  .
serbian president slobodan milosevic said monday he hoped for `` a positive outcome '' in the case of two french pilots missing since being shot down over bosnia in august  .
visiting italian prime minister lamberto dini on monday criticized the franco-german proposal for a two-track europe in which some eu members could move faster towards unification without being held back by others  .
the new commander of the sarajevo un protection force -lrb- unprofor -rrb- french brigadier louis zeller arrived monday in the bosnian capital  .
us president bill clinton won pledges from syria and israel monday to redouble their efforts towards forging a peace agreement after israeli prime minister shimon peres presented fresh proposals here  .
fifa , football 's world governing body , brought the warring balkan sides back into the international frame on monday three days before the dayton peace accord is ratified  .
fiat chairman gianni agnelli said monday he would turn his job over to managing director cesare romiti in the coming months , despite fraud allegations against the number-two executive at the italian automaker  .
prime minister alain juppe offered monday to organize broad talks on the `` issues behind the crisis '' gripping france , in a new bid to meet key union demands to resolve the dispute  .
fifty pro-islamic officers and non-commissioned officers have been expelled from turkey 's armed forces for `` lack of discipline , '' the supreme military council said monday  .
belfast was confirmed as host city for the  world cross country championships by the international amateur athletic federation council on monday  .
double world champion michael schumacher set the fastest time on the opening day of formula one testing at estoril on monday  .
president bill clinton said monday he remained confident warring factions in bosnia will stick to a peace accord reached last month , downplaying reports of acts of defiance on the ground  .
banque indosuez said monday that its private banking arm in hong kong had sacked two employees for suspected irregularities , not seven , seeking to correct a hong kong newspaper report  .
a giant christmas tree , presented by german princess gloria von  und taxis , was monday installed in saint peter 's square , under the windows of pope john paul ii 's private apartment  .
sprint corp said monday it plans to enter the paging industry via its sprint telecommunications venture , a partnership with tele - communications inc , comcast corp and cox communications  .
two liberians suspected of being infected with the deadly ebola virus show `` no hemorrhagic signs , '' a world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- official here said monday  .
french president jacques chirac has pulled out of tuesday 's ceremony for the  world cup football qualifying competition draw  .
switzerland confirmed monday that it would not allow  nato equipment to cross its territory before a peace agreement is signed , and will only allow such transit later on under strict conditions  .
prime minister alain juppe on monday said he was freezing a railway restructuring plan which has been at the heart of a crippling transport strike that is now in its third week  .
us secretary of state warren christopher will travel to syria , israel , egypt , jordan and the west bank for a tour the administration described monday as a new phase in mideast peace negotiations  .
federal reserve board governor susan phillips said monday the u .
grains and soy futures , except oil , climbed monday on the commodities market here , boosted by  weather conditions  .
dutch prime minister wim kok , accompanied by foreign minister hans van mierlo , will visit the middle east on january - , the government 's information service said monday  .
a catholic-backed rail workers ' trade union in france called on its members monday to vote for a return to work , considering that a letter sent by prime minister alain juppe had `` agreed to all our demands  .
the militant islamic resistance movement -lrb- hamas -rrb- and the palestinian authority are to meet in cairo on saturday for reconciliation talks , the two sides said here monday  .
the parliament of the bosnian moslem-croat federation on monday ratified the peace accord signed in dayton early last month , and which calls among other provisions for the federation to be strengthened  .
president bill clinton won pledges monday from syria and israel to redouble their efforts towards forging a peace accord after israeli prime minister shimon peres presented new ideas on reaching that goal  .
israeli troops withdrew from nablus on monday as some  palestinian police arrived to take control of the largest town on the west bank  .
the organization of the islamic conference 's contact group on bosnia is to send a delegation to paris on tuesday to take part in thursday 's signing of the dayton peace accords for bosnia  .
prime minister alain juppe on monday said he was freezing a railway restructuring plan which has been at the heart of a crippling transport strike that is now in its third week  .
libya ordered the expulsion of the head of britain 's interests ' section here monday , in a tit-for-tat action after a libyan diplomat in london was given two weeks to leave britain , the foreign ministry announced  .
the chief investigator into ayrton senna 's death at imola last year denied on monday he had identified the cause of the crash as a faulty steering rod  .
one of the world 's leading equestrian riders , bruce davidson of the united states , will compete in a three-day event starting friday despite an arrest for alleged drug possession , the new zealand herald reported tuesday  .
everton stretched their unbeaten run to six games with a victory over west ham , who had their goalkeeper sent off when only a goal behind , here on monday  .
a former model for winston cigarettes filed a lawsuit monday against the r .
reynolds tobacco company , blaming the firm for the lung cancer that nearly killed him  .
pop star michael jackson was scheduled to leave the hospital tuesday afternoon after being treated in the intensive care unit for nearly a week , a hospital spokesman said monday  .
about  university students briefly took over nicaragua 's education ministry monday as part of their campaign to get the government to boost public university education funding  .
pakistan defeated new zealand by  runs on the final day of their one off test match here tuesday  .
the united states on monday firmly backed the un war crimes court 's rejection of an abrupt bid by russia to suspend legal action against bosnian serb leaders radovan karadzic and ratko mladic  .
brazil 's heavily industrial southern state of sao paulo will privatize the first of its state power companies late next year , state energy secretary david  said monday  .
blue-chip prices rallied monday in a mixed day for the broader market ahead of a fresh spate of economic data including inflation figures for november  .
england coach terry venables has at last decided to pair -goal strikers alan shearer and les ferdinand up front - against portugal at wembley on tuesday night  .
jack charlton has led ireland to three major tournaments but each time only after a last-ditch scramble  .
the us ambassador to the united nations blasted the burmese government monday as a un committee passed a resolution deploring the human rights situation in burma for the fourth year in a row  .
pop star michael jackson was to leave a new york hospital tuesday after what his doctors called a `` life-threatening illness that required a five-day stay in the intensive care unit  .
president bill clinton said monday he remained confident the warring factions in bosnia would stick to a peace accord reached last month , downplaying reports of acts of defiance on the ground  .
the state department called monday for the immediate release of chinese dissident wei jingsheng , who has been charged with sedition  .
russia voted against a un resolution passed by committee monday condemning serbians ' mistreatment of ethnic albanians in kosovo province , and demanding an end to the abuses  .
home secretary michael howard 's controversial package to clamp down on bogus asylum seekers and illegal immigrants was backed by the house of commons monday , despite fierce resistance from opposition parties and human rights campaigners  .
scorecard at the end of the one-off cricket test between pakistan and new zealand here tuesday  .
- yen here in early morning trading tuesday , slightly down from  .
share prices opened higher on the tokyo stock exchange on tuesday , with the nikkei stock average rising  .
president bill clinton won pledges monday from syria and israel to redouble their efforts toward forging a peace accord after israeli prime minister shimon peres presented new ideas on reaching that goal  .
pakistan took  minutes on the final day to win their one-off  series cricket test against new zealand by  runs here tuesday  .
the house of commons late monday recognized the people of quebec as a `` distinct society '' in canada , a gesture aimed at calming the tension coming from the province 's francophone separatist movement  .
us dollars an ounce , against monday 's close of  .
the us state department said monday it was `` deeply concerned '' about a new wave of political violence in karachi , pakistan and urged the opposing parties to negotiate peace  .
ukrainian president leonid kuchma starts an official visit to britian tuesday to discuss the enlargement of nato and the financing of a project to shut down the chernobyl nuclear power station  .
the house of commons late monday recognized the people of quebec as a `` distinct society '' in canada , a gesture aimed at calming the tension coming from the province 's francophone separatist movement  .
a un general assembly resolution on afghanistan passed by committee monday expressed deep concern about the lack of progress in ending the war and the continued abuses of human rights there  .
said tuesday it had entered a cooperation agreement with fluor daniel inc .
of the united states to pursue global liquefied natural gas -lrb- lng -rrb- projects  .
south african airways will again service argentina after an absence of -years , during which bilateral relations chilled due to the `` apartheid '' system in south africa  .
life in bangladesh was back to normal tuesday after the opposition 's three-day strike left more than  people injured  .
china 's television watchdogs have moved against rogue production companies whose low-budget programs have been circumventing the country 's  censors  .
president kim young-sam marked the th anniversary of south korea 's  military putsch on tuesday with a pledge to uproot the legacy of military regimes as prosecutors stepped up investigation of the coup  .
a group of  sino-vietnamese asylum seekers were deported tuesday from australia to china under laws prohibiting them from seeking refugee status in this country , immigration officials said  .
the french government braced tuesday for another day of mass protests called by union leaders anxious to show they have solid rank and file backing despite major concessions to strikers by prime minister alain juppe  .
north korea on tuesday threatened to take `` countermeasures '' after accusing the united states , south korea and japan , of plotting an attack  .
aum supreme truth guru shoko asahara 's former personal doctor admitted in court tuesday he took part in the abduction and killing of a tokyo notary clerk in february  .
david boon , a mainstay of australian teams since his debut in  , was tuesday dropped from australia 's squad for the opening matches in this month 's triangular cricket series with the west indies and sri lanka  .
scorecard in the one-day cricket match between the australian cricket academy and the west indies here tuesday  .
a british punter , unperturbed by the west indies ' wretched lead-up form , has wagered , dollars -lrb- , us -rrb- on them to beat sri lanka in the opening triangular one-day series cricket match in adelaide on friday  .
dan marino was supposed to direct miami to the super bowl this season with an overpowering offense , yet the dolphins have relied on dominating defense to escape an american football slump  .
israeli prime minister shimon peres suggested the creation of syrian - israeli working groups to discuss peace prospects during talks in washington with president bill clinton , israel radio reported tuesday  .
taiwanese president lee teng-hui on tuesday denied charges by a rebellious ruling kuomintang -lrb- kmt -rrb- member that he supports independence for the island , as his party splits down the middle due to the serious rivalry of two opposing camps  .
said tuesday it had started marketing a software system for drawing up school timetables which uses artificial intelligence to reduce scheduling times by  percent  .
the dollar was slightly higher against the yen here tuesday , with the us unit retaining its firm tone despite some light profit-taking , dealers said  .
percent higher on tuesday , with the nikkei stock average supported by active follow-through buying , brokers said  .
ethnic chinese business leader expressed alarm tuesday after a five year old boy became the latest victim of a wave of attacks on the wealthy community , blamed on communist gunmen  .
a music industry watchdog against compact disc piracy has decided to close down its office in southern china following threats against its staff members , it was reported tuesday  .
thai premier banharn silpa-archa is urging asean members to speed up their  plan in order to remain `` credible and effective '' in world trade  .
percent higher on tuesday , with the nikkei stock average supported by active follow-through buying , brokers said  .
billion yuan -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- in china in the first  months of the year , almost double the entire figure for  , the people 's daily reported tuesday  .
the rwanda war crimes tribunal indicted eight people on genocide charges tuesday in its first ruling , but did not name any of them  .
foreign reporters have been barred from attending the nominally `` open '' trial on wednesday of china 's most famous dissident , wei jingsheng , a court spokesman indicated  .
the indian parliament , paralysed for the past five days by controversy over the privatisation of the telecommunications sector , adjourned tuesday to allow opposition mps to study government files on the issue  .
death sentences have been passed or confirmed on  people in southern china in the past week , according to reports seen here tuesday  .
north korea and a us-led international  are on the verge of signing a contract to build two light-water nuclear reactors in the north , government officials here said tuesday  .
princess diana dazzled americans with her second visit to new york this year , but made no public comment other than accepting an award from the united cerebral palsy organization  .
manila 's international airport is expected to open within  hours , officials said tuesday , as efforts to remove a damaged china airlines plane from the main runway swung into gear  .
three people , including two civilians , were killed and two others injured tuesday when taliban militiamen launched an artillery attack on the besieged afghan capital , witnesses and defense sources said  .
the french franc slipped in initial quotations against the mark on tuesday but soon steadied at  .
president fidel castro of cuba left here tuesday after a five-day visit to hanoi and ho chi minh city , airport officials said  .
india gave its backing tuesday to formation of a trade bloc of countries on the indian ocean rim , but cautioned that much needs to be done to make the partnership a success  .
ethnic chinese business leaders expressed alarm tuesday after a five - year-old boy became the latest victim of a wave of attacks on their wealthy community by suspected communist gunmen  .
iran on tuesday rejected as `` baseless '' a murder probe against information minister ali fallahian by german federal prosecutors  .
north korea and a us-led international  are on the verge of signing a contract to build two light-water nuclear reactors in the north , government officials here said tuesday  .
taiwan 's government tuesday warned fishermen from mainland china not to illegally fish in the island 's territorial waters , a day after beijing protested at their alleged harassment  .
former japanese prime minister morihiro hosokawa declared his support tuesday for fellow former premier tsutomu hata in a leadership election for the opposition new frontier party later this month  .
a music industry watchdog against compact disc piracy has decided to close down its office in southern china following threats against its staff members , it was reported tuesday  .
former japanese prime minister morihiro hosokawa declared his support tuesday for fellow former premier tsutomu hata in a leadership election for the opposition new frontier party later this month  .
israelis traveling abroad for end-of-year holidays were warned by officials tuesday to keep a low profile and not speak hebrew too loudly to avoid becoming a target of terrorist attack  .
the investigation into the millions of dollars of drug money the brother of mexico 's former president carlos salinas allegedly stashed in swiss bank accounts could net dozens of corrupt top government officials , a leading politician said  .
several people were killed and at least  were seriously injured tuesday in a crash between two passenger trains in the southern german town of garmisch-partenkirchen , police said  .
a strike by air traffic controllers seriously disrupted traffic at paris ' two main airports tuesday , aviation authorities said  .
vietnamese police have arrested a prominent critic of the government in what sources here tuesday said was a widening crackdown on dissidents ahead of an important political congress in june  .
a north korean foreign exchange expert and his family defected to south korea after seeking political asylum in a south korean embassy in europe , security authorities here said tuesday  .
overnight gains on wall street and continued expectations of a cut in british interest rates tuesday drove share prices up in london , ahead of a meeting between the chancellor of the exchequer and the bank of england  .
palestinians threw two grenades at an israeli army patrol tuesday in the southern west bank town of hebron , but none of the soldiers were injured , palestianian sources said  .
iran on tuesday rejected as `` baseless '' a murder probe against information minister ali fallahian by german federal prosecutors  .
two french airmen shot down over bosnia more than three months ago are about to be freed , police at this town on the  border told afp tuesday  .
at least one person was killed and  injured tuesday when two passenger trains collided in the station in this southern german town , police said  .
cuban president fidel castro arrived at narita international airport , east of tokyo , tuesday evening for his first ever visit to japan , an airport official said  .
president nelson mandela on tuesday recovered a pair of boots he left at the home of a friend in tanzania nearly  years ago  .
australian shares rose tuesday , in line with major asian markets , as offshore investors returned to the region for oversold blue-chip stocks following series of losses , dealers said  .
australian shares rose tuesday , in line with major asian markets , as offshore investors returned to the region for oversold blue-chip stocks following series of losses , dealers said  .
council of europe deputies urged croatian authorities tuesday to take immediate measures to aid thousands of bosnian moslem refugees in the south of the former yugoslav republic  .
the trial wednesday of chinese dissident wei jingsheng on charges of trying to overthrow the beijing government will be nothing but `` show '' unless he is allowed to properly defend himself , amnesty international said tuesday  .
some , african scientists are currently working on other continents , a loss which is damaging to research in africa , according to the head of the african academy of sciences  .
malaysia 's trade minister called tuesday for the adoption of an economic blueprint to accelerate asean integration and make the region the nucleus for east asia 's industrial growth and development  .
at least one person was killed and  injured tuesday when two passenger trains collided in the station of this southern german town , police said  .
former springbok captain morne du plessis has been replaced as convenor of the south african selection panel , the south african rugby football union -lrb- sarfu -rrb- announced here tuesday  .
unidentified gunmen opened fire on the car of an independent candidate in the russian parliamentary elections early tuesday as he was driving home in  in the northern caucasus but he was unscathed , interfax news agency reported  .
a swedish un peacekeeper was killed and a danish soldier slightly injured when a radio mast they were carrying accidentally touched an electricity cable , a un spokesman said at tuzla  .
the university of craiova in southern romania has invited hillary clinton to receive an honorary doctorate in recognition of her work to promote human rights , rompres agency reported on tuesday  .
asean leaders meeting here this week are to reaffirm their commitment to the creation of a much-delayed east asia economic caucus -lrb- eaec -rrb- that can take off even without japan , a malaysian minister said tuesday  .
bosnian serbs have confirmed they will release the two french airmen shot down more than three months ago , officials said here tuesday  .
vietnam will host the next asean summit in three years ' time in its capital , hanoi , asean officials announced tuesday  .
the palestinian militant movement hamas on tuesday cast doubt on a planned meeting in cairo with yasser arafat 's palestinian authority at the weekend and tried to distance itself from a new islamic party  .
china , in an annual review of the world situation , declared hegemonism and power politics tuesday to be the biggest threat to global stability but painted itself as the peace-loving champion of the third world  .
romania hopes to tighten its links with nato by contributing engineering and telecommunication units to the nato-led peace-keeping effort in bosnia , a leading senator told rompres agency on tuesday  .
a man who died and seven injured in violence following a weekend soccer match in ghana 's second city were victims of stray bullets fired by police , authorities here announced tuesday  .
two of france 's three main trade unions vowed on tuesday to continue to fight prime minister alain juppe 's plans to reform the welfare system and health service , in spite of concessions he announced monday  .
four people were killed in a clash between police and militants here tuesday as thousands thronged the opposition mohajir qaumi movement -lrb- mqm -rrb- office for the funeral of the party chief 's slain relatives , police and witnesses said  .
lithuania opened an embassy in the chinese capital tuesday , with visiting prime minister adolfas slezevicius expressing the hope that the mission would usher in a new period in bilateral ties  .
health authorities in the oil town of  , in russia 's far north , have warned inhabitants against the dangers of an epidemic of plague after an invasion by thousands of rats in the past few weeks , itar - tass agency reported on tuesday  .
the british government moved to tighten immigration laws tuesday by drawing up a list of nations such as india and pakistan whose nationals will automatically be refused asylum  .
bosnian serbs have confirmed they will release two french airmen shot down more than three months ago , officials said here tuesday  .
the city of paris , run by jacques chirac until he was elected president in may , is to get rid of special housing deals which nearly brought down prime minister alain juppe  .
the french franc weakened slightly against the mark early tuesday on subdued european markets , as unions in france organised a fresh day of strike action to protest against proposed welfare reforms  .
nottingham forest winger steve stone will start his first england match against portugal friendly on tuesday  .
india and tajikistan signed six agreements on tuesday aimed at boosting trade and political links , officials said  .
boeing 's management and the machinists ' union reached a tentative agreement that could end a two-month-long strike that has been idling the world 's largest aircraft maker , cnn said tuesday  .
dave bassett , who made his name by taking wimbledon from non-league obscurity to the old first division , was reported to have parted company with first division strugglers sheffield united on tuesday  .
japan 's prime minister tomiichi murayama said tuesday he had no plan to become president of a new party to be formed next month to replace his social democratic party -lrb- sdp -rrb-  .
a letter bomb addressed to german chancellor helmut kohl exploded at a sorting office in berlin , the federal prosecutor 's office in karlsruhe announced tuesday  .
banka baltija , formerly latvia 's largest commercial bank , was officially declared bankrupt tuesday by a court in riga , the baltic news service reported  .
agence france-presse signed here on tuesday a technical cooperation agreement with the official sudanese news agency suna to distribute its services on afp satellite  .
a government official recommended tuesday that the election of a far - right national front -lrb- nf -rrb- member as mayor of the southern city of toulon be annulled , due to irregularities in campaign expenses  .
a palestinian guerrilla was wounded at dawn tuesday in an attack on israel 's proxy south lebanon army militia in the israeli-occupied `` security zone '' in south lebanon , security sources said  .
eu energy ministers have delayed discussion of deregulation of the  industry , eu diplomatic sources said on tuesday against a background of strikes in france linked indirectly to the future of the energy industry  .
china blasted an indian report that three chinese spies had been uncovered in the dalai lama 's entourage , saying the account was a `` sheer fabrication '' aimed at sabotaging relations between beijing and new delhi  .
a letter-bomb addressed to german chancellor helmut kohl exploded at a berlin sorting office , the federal prosecutor 's office in karlsruhe announced tuesday  .
the frankfurt stock market chalked up a substantial advance on tuesday as the dax index finished the day at , .
bosnian serbs on tuesday released two french airmen shot down over bosnia more than three months ago , an afp journalist at the scene said  .
the horrific details of danish tour guide louise jensen 's final moments were revealed in statements from three accused british soldiers read out in court here tuesday  .
the release of two french pilots held in bosnia since august opens the way for `` good relations to be restored '' between paris and belgrade , a presidential statement said  .
talks in geneva on china 's bid to join the world trade organization -lrb- wto -rrb- have been `` useful , '' foreign ministry spokesman chen jian said tuesday , in remarks that contrasted with chinese gloom earlier this week  .
the palestinian militant movement hamas on tuesday cast doubt on a planned meeting in cairo with yasser arafat 's palestinian authority at the weekend and distanced itself from a new islamic party  .
a new initiative aimed at clamping down on the drugs trade in the caribbean will be launched by britain and france at a summit of european union leaders in madrid on friday and saturday , british officials said on tuesday  .
german consumer prices were steady in november by comparison with the october level , and were up by  .
percent for the country as a whole year on year , the federal statistics office announced on tuesday on the basis of final figures  .
president hosni mubarak on tuesday rejected calls from foreign countries to investigate allegations of fraud in egypt 's general elections  .
sixteen chechen independence fighters were killed in a clash with russian forces in southeastern chechnya near the town of  , itar-tass news agency reported tuesday , citing the russian military command  .
austrian nationalist leader joerg haider called here tuesday for a referendum to decide if austria should join in european monetary union  .
a canadian aids expert tuesday suggested that a vaccination against the hiv virus may eventually be developed by identifying and replicating whatever it is that has kept  kenyan prostitutes uninfected for years  .
the logistics team setting up the us command center at tuzla , northern bosnia , is busy buying bread , shower units and portable toilets for the rush of us gis expected to hit tuzla later this month , a logistics officer here said  .
soldiers embarking on un peacekeeping missions are likely to be tested for aids , a un official said here tuesday  .
percent , the labor department said tuesday , pushed up by a  .
jack charlton recalled chelsea 's new signing terry phelan on tuesday for the republic of ireland 's european championship play-off match with holland at liverpool 's anfield ground on wednesday  .
the paris bourse was firm in the first part of the tuesday trading session , despite a continuation of large-scale strikes and an `` action day '' called by the unions to protest against the government 's reform plans  .
mickey mouse is to lead a host of walt disney characters to lebanon this week , becoming the latest foreign delegation to visit post-war beirut  .
islamic militants smashed the windows of a movie house showing a james bond film and tore down a poster of a woman , its owner and police said tuesday  .
chechen elections were moved up three days ahead of their scheduled date and will now be held on thursday , under a decision taken tuesday by the chechen parliament , itar-tass news agency reported  .
russia has acted as a mediator since october in the bid to obtain the release of two french pilots downed over bosnia in august and freed tuesday after more than  days captivity , a russian military official based in belgrade told itar-tass  .
authorities in the self-proclaimed republic of somaliland have detained a plane and its two-member crew , after accusing them of landing illegally at berbera airport ,  kilometres -lrb-  miles -rrb- east of the republic 's capital , hargeisa  .
the uncle of palestinian leader faruq kaddumi has been deported by egypt to libya and has joined  others stranded in a camp on the egyptian-libyan border since october , a un refugee official said tuesday  .
the deputy commander of the gambian army , major dennis coker , has stolen several hundred dollars and fled to the united states , informed sources said here tuesday  .
egyptian president hosni mubarak praised on tuesday the efforts by pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto to curb terrorism after the november suicide bombing of egypt 's embassy in islamabad  .
the authorities in abkhazia , a separatist region of georgia , executed a georgian officer for `` terrorist activities '' on tuesday interfax news agency reported , quoting the abkhaz military prosecutor  .
the dollar was firm early tuesday afternoon on the london forex market after the announcement that us producer prices jumped by  .
percent in november from october , against the anticipated rise of  .
danielle mitterrand , human rights champion and former french first lady , hit out tuesday at the proposed customs union between turkey and the european union , calling the deal a `` complicity with genocide ''  .
the senate opened debate tuesday on the deployment of us troops to the peacekeeping mission in the former yugoslavia with the republican majority pressing for a us effort to arm and train the bosnians  .
chechen elections will now begin on thursday -- three days ahead of their scheduled date -- under a decision taken tuesday by the chechen parliament , itar-tass news agency reported  .
scotland 's peter nicol became the first british winner of the mahindra international squash challenge with a runaway victory over england 's chris walker here on tuesday  .
long-term interest rates rose early tuesday on news of a higher-than -  increase in us producer prices for november  .
japan 's transport ministry called for the country 's train networks to be reinforced within three to five years so they can withstand major earthquakes  .
john redwood , who challenged prime minister major for the leadership of the conservative party in june , called for a manifesto pledge tuesday to rule out britain joining a single currency until at least   .
a leftist party opposed to peace with israel was charged in court on tueday for having `` financial and administrative '' links with a group outside jordan , officials said  .
lebanon is prepared to deploy , soldiers in the south of the country if israel withdraws from an occupied border zone , the lebanese ambassador here said tuesday  .
boeing and striking machinist union members reached a tentative agreement on a four-year contract that could end a two-month-old walkout at the world 's largest aircraft maker , both sides said  .
the federal high court in lagos ordered the nigerian government to suspend until february  proceedings against  ogoni activists charged with murder , judicial sources said tuesday  .
a senior un official left here tuesday for paris for a meeting on bosnia 's postwar reconstruction , which will be held at an airport hotel because of the transport strike crippling the french capital , a un spokesman said  .
the us agriculture department -lrb- usda -rrb- said tuesday corn production for the - harvest will reach  .
long-term interest rates rose early tuesday on news of a higher-than -  increase in us producer prices for november  .
british foreign secretary malcolm rifkind said tuesday he was `` delighted '' at the release of two french pilots by the bosnian serbs after three months in captivity  .
unita rebels mounted a fresh attack tuesday on  town , in angola 's northeastern lunda norte province , killing six people and injuring about  others , a provincial military spokesman said  .
a meeting of european union energy ministers that was to be held on thursday to discuss the sensitive subject of liberalizing the electricity market has been deferred to december  , and will not make any decision on the issue then , several sources said on tuesday  .
iran on tuesday rejected as `` baseless '' a murder probe against information minister ali fallahian by german federal prosecutors  .
the united states expressed `` great joy '' tuesday after two french pilots held in bosnian serb territory since august  were released  .
the organisation of islamic conference adopted a program of action in favor of bosnia-hercegovina here on tuesday , two days before the dayton peace accord was due to be signed in paris  .
german group degussa chalked up a pretax profit of  million marks for financial  -lrb- ending in september -rrb- , a  percent jump compared with the previous financial year , the group announced in frankfurt on tuesday  .
the world cup qualifying draw would have been postponed till february if the french authorities had not agreed to issue visas to nigeria 's officials , a fifa sourced said here on tuesday  .
the us trade deficit , by its broadest measure , narrowed to  .
billion dollars in the third quarter from a revised  .
billion dollars in the second quarter , the commerce department said tuesday  .
the labor unrest in france has forced authorities to switch the venue of international meetings on bosnia to a nearby abbey and to alter organization of the press overage , officials said tuesday  .
the international olympic committee has sold united states television rights for the  and  summer olympics and  winter games , without even knowing where the events will be contested  .
south africans working in angola as military advisers to the armed forces are to be withdrawn at the insistence of angolan president eduardo dos santos , private company executive outcomes said here tuesday  .
a seven-year-old danish boy nearly made the catch of a lifetime when he hooked a humpback whale in arhus port , on the east coast of denmark , the daily  reported tuesday  .
blue-chip stocks slumped here early tuesday in the wake of a bond market dive following a higher-than-expected increase in the us producer price index in november  .
british military forces are flying into tuzla , the base to be used as the command center for us troops due here to help enforce the bosnia peace operation , us officials said tuesday  .
the liner queen elizabeth ii , on its way to new york , had to make an unexpected stop tuesday in the belgian port of zeebrugge , when french strikes ruled out the initial choice of le havre  .
almost  demonstrators used cars to block access to shuttle trains using the cross-channel tunnel at  , france , on tuesday to protest against french government plans for reforming the social protection system , a tunnel police spokesman said in folkestone , southeast england  .
the dollar firmed against major currencies here early tuesday following the us government announced a surprisingly strong rise in november producer prices  .
the world cup qualifying draw would have been put off until february had the french government not agreed to issue visas to nigeria 's officials , a fifa sourced said here on tuesday  .
us purchasing executives reported tuesday the lowest levels of optimism since  , with about two-thirds expecting business in early  to be the same or worse than in the second half of   .
lawmakers in bosnia 's moslem-croat federation parliament formally backed the dayton peace accord tuesday as president alija izetbegovic prepared to leave the bosnian capital for the official signing ceremony in paris on thursday  .
canadian formula one rookie jacques villeneuve emerged unscathed from a crash in practice here on tuesday , but damaged his williams renault  .
kenyan president daniel arap moi on tuesday ordered strict management of finances to put an end to wastage in all forms of resources to help the country achieve economic growth  .
syria hailed on tuesday new hopes for peace after us president bill clinton spoke by telephone with his syrian counterpart hafez al-assad and israel unveiled proposals to push ahead with talks  .
chancellor helmut kohl now expects real economic growth in germany of only  percent this year , he told the saarbruecken chamber of commerce and industry on tuesday  .
egypt has invited the palestinian militant movement hamas for reconciliation talks with the palestinian authority in cairo , due to open on saturday , the movement said  .
kenyan president daniel arap moi on tuesday pledged that kenya would not back out out of its commitment to the revival of the east african  grouping kenya , tanzania and uganda  .
the international olympic committee has sold united states television rights for the  and  summer olympics and  winter games for  .
billion dollars , even without knowing where the events will be contested  .
unveiled tuesday the prototype for a conductive charging system the two automakers will use in their electrical vehicles  .
president jacques chirac thanked serbian president slobodan milosevic and russian president boris yeltsin in a live television address on tuesday for helping secure the release of france 's two missing pilots  .
germany welcomed the release on tuesday of two french pilots held by bosnian serbs for over three months , saying it was a `` positive sign '' ahead of a peace accord due to be signed this week in paris  .
president hosni mubarak on tuesday rejected calls from foreign countries to investigate allegations of fraud in egypt 's general elections  .
strict limits on iraqi oil exports , imposed last april , will remain in force as talks continue with baghdad on easing the restrictions , un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali said tuesday  .
confusion reigned tuesday over the precise date as to when  nongovernmental aid organizations -lrb- ngo -rrb- had to leave rwanda  .
the white swan , an inn opposite goethe 's house in weimar , eastern germany , and regularly visited by composer franz liszt , has closed due to disagreements between heirs , the owner said tuesday  .
a liberian militia leader and co-president tuesday ordered his fighters to report to assembly sites in preparation for disarmament by the nigerian-led african peacekeeping force , ecomog  .
the  members of the european union have agreed on the start of  as the time for choosing the countries to take part in the single currency on january  ,  , diplomatic sources said on tuesday  .
the roman catholic church in angola is preparing to relaunch a radio station , and possibly a newspaper ,  years after independence from portugal , the bishop of lubango said tuesday  .
the dollar was very firm on tuesday on the london foreign exchange market , while the french franc continued to resist the debilitating effects of the french strike crisis that has shaken the country for almost three weeks now  .
more than , o liberians took to the streets here tuesday to protest plans by western countries to isolate nigeria 's military regime for the execution of nine ogoni minority rights activists  .
some  days after their husbands were shot down over bosnia , the wives of french pilots frederic  and   dropped everything tuesday to welcome the pair home  .
a letter-bomb addressed to german chancellor helmut kohl exploded at a postal sorting office near berlin , but no one was hurt , the federal prosecutor 's office in karlsruhe announced tuesday  .
an injury-time try from cambridge hooker jonathan evans decided the varsity match here on tuesday , after oxford 's irish stand-off david humphreys had threatened an upset  .
copper fell slightly tuesday on the london metal exchange -lrb- lme -rrb- , with selling across the market offsetting chinese buying , and sentiment depressed by a hefty stocks rise of , tonnes , dealers said  .
france welcomed applications by the three baltic states for eu membership , a french official said tuesday , adding that estonia , latvia and lithuania were `` dedicated '' to becoming a part of the european union  .
fifa , world football 's governing body , announced asia 's world cup draw here on tuesday for the  world cup finals in france  .
south america 's world cup draw for the  world cup finals in france  .
fifa , world football 's governing body , announced oceania 's world cup draw here on tuesday for the  world cup finals in france  .
prime minister alain juppe , denouncing what he said was a disinformation campaign about his welfare system reforms and asserting that there was `` no alternative '' to them , on tuesday stressed that they would go ahead  .
the prestigious london insurance market , lloyd 's , on tuesday received the backing of a persistent critic , the  consultancy , for its restructuring plan designed to restore the market to financial health  .
international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- officials have traded st century profits for a larger share in a guaranteed  .
billion-dollar television deal that could squeeze future olympic organizers  .
at least  people died and  were injured when a car-bomb went off near a cafe in algiers on tuesday , security officials said  .
prime minister alain juppe 's woes mounted tuesday as demonstrations against his welfare reform plan drew mammoth crowds in cities across france  .
a key french union called tuesday for another day of nationwide protests this weekend over prime minister alain juppe 's welfare reform plans , after massive demos across the country  .
seattle 's detlef schrempf will miss six weeks with a broken leg and miami 's alonzo mourning will be out two to three weeks with a torn foot tendon in the latest injuries to key national basketball association players  .
fifa , world football 's governing body , announced concacaf 's world cup draw here on tuesday for the  world cup finals in france  .
bosnian government troops , disabled war veterans and families who lost kin serving in the armed forces are henceforth to receive a monthly salary or pension , president alija izetbegovic said tuesday  .
fifa , world football 's governing body , announced africa 's world cup draw here on tuesday for the  world cup finals in france  .
two french pilots freed by bosnian serbs after more than  days in captivity arrived to an emotional homecoming at an air base near paris late on tuesday  .
rwanda and the un security council agreed tuesday on conditions to keep peacekeepers in the country for another three months  .
mexico asked the united states tuesday for any information it may have collected regarding links between a former president and drug trafficking  .
fifa , world football 's governing body , announced europe 's world cup draw here on tuesday for the  world cup finals in france  .
germany football federation president egidius braun fired a broadside at joao havelange on tuesday , accusing the fifa chief of playing politics by backing africa to host the  world cup  .
pop star michael jackson left a new york hospital tuesday after what his doctors called a `` life-threatening '' illness that required a five - day stay in the intensive care unit  .
the serb orthodox church called on the international community tuesday to brace for a mass exodus of bosnian serbs , the independent fonet news agency reported  .
national basketball association referees returned to work around the league tuesday , having missed nearly six weeks in a salary dispute with owners that was settled last week  .
a car bomb exploded tuesday near an algiers cafe , killing at least  people and wounding  , security officials said  .
south africa 's archbishop desmond tutu said tuesday he hoped for an early start to the truth and reconciliation commission he has been appointed to chair  .
the dollar remained firm against major currencies at midday tuesday , rising on possibilities of lower interest rates in several european countries  .
a  aid agreement worth  million francs -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- has been signed in paris , with most of the money earmarked for the port of gaza , french officials said tuesday  .
iraq 's deputy prime minister tareq aziz asked the un security council tuesday to recognize the progress his country had made on disarmament and ruled out a compromise measure allowing a partial lifting of sanctions  .
ministers from the group of seven industrialized nations and russia began a one-day meeting here tuesday to discuss ways they could cooperate to combat terrorism  .
north korea is refusing to allow inspectors to measure amounts of spent nuclear fuel , in breach of an inspection accord with the international atomic energy agency , the iaea director general said tuesday  .
mexico asked the united states tuesday for any information it may have collected regarding links between a former president and drug trafficking  .
two french pilots freed by bosnian serbs after more than  days in captivity arrived to an emotional homecoming at an air base near paris late tuesday , as the french foreign minister said no concessions had been made to secure their release  .
the burnt wreckage of a russian plane that disappeared a week ago while carrying  people has been located in far-eastern siberia , russian radio said tuesday  .
around  countries and international organizations met here tuesday to consider aid for more than  .
million palestinian refugees as part of the middle east peace process  .
nigeria 's military ruler general sani abacha swore in tuesday a -member body to oversee the country 's transition to civilian rule in three years ' time  .
world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- experts , fearing `` an explosion '' of the deadly ebola virus , headed to eastern liberia tuesday following reports of  deaths in the area , a statement said here  .
ten chechen independence fighters were killed tuesday in clashes with a russian army patrol north of the chechen capital grozny , the russian army press service said  .
the burnt-out wreckage of a russian plane that disappeared a week ago while carrying  people has been located in far-eastern siberia , russian radio said tuesday  .
diego maradona and his former business manager guillermo coppola were cleared of drugs charges here on tuesday , after the case against them collapsed through lack of evidence  .
nigeria 's military rulers tuesday launched a purge of `` undesirable elements '' from the civil service , following a mid-summer crackdown on ghost workers  .
bosnian government army troops are to get a salary for the first time since the beginning of the country 's conflict , but the first pay cheque comes at the `` end of the war '' a presidential communique announced tuesday  .
the palestinian authority -lrb- pa -rrb- released a jailed leader of the islamic resistance movement -lrb- hamas -rrb- here on tuesday , meeting another condition for reconciliation talks  .
about , university students and professors shut the airport here and refused to leave until the government increased spending on public universities , according to an afp reporter on the scene  .
canada 's top diplomat to nigeria has returned after being withdrawn in protest over the african country 's hanging of nine activists last month  .
republic of ireland manager jack charlton greeted news of the world cup draw on tuesday with relish despite his side figuring in one of the six-nation groups  .
french rail traffic will again be nonexistent wednesday , with the notable exception of six trains from brussels to london that cross french territory , the rail company sncf announced tuesday  .
norway protested tuesday against israeli artillery fire that wounded three of its soldiers on duty with united nations forces in south lebanon at the weekend  .
the parliament in traditionally neutral finland amended a key law on tuesday to allow the country 's troops to take part in the nato-led multinational force in bosnia  .
the senate banking committee unanimously approved on tuesday legislation to tighten sanctions on iran by punishing foreign as well as us companies that buy teheran 's oil and gas  .
puerto rican officials will meet with international olympic committee officials next week to make a bid for hosting the  summer games , organizers of the bid group confirmed here tuesday  .
england must beat three times winners italy to reach the  world cup , the luck of the draw decided here on tuesday when  countries went into the fifa hat  .
the white house assured congress tuesday that the bosnian military would be strong enough to defend itself when nato goes home , as us lawmakers sought to condition support for the us deployment on the arming and training effort  .
northern ireland manager bryan hamilton could only laugh after hearing his side had been paired alongside germany and portugal in the qualifying draw for the  world cup finals on tuesday  .
a car-bomb blast ripped through a crowded algiers cafe tuesday , killing  people and injuring around  , state-run television said  .
peter short , president of the west indies cricket board of control , has admitted that indiscipline is hurting the west indies cricket team  .
a car-bomb blast ripped through a crowded algiers cafe tuesday , killing  people and injuring around  , state-run television said  .
mexico 's central bank pledged tuesday a tight monetary policy for  to bring down inflation estimated at  percent this year  .
pop music icon michael jackson left a new york hospital tuesday after what doctors called a `` life-threatening '' bout with gastroenteritis that kept him in intensive care for five days  .
prince charles on tuesday launched an attack on genetically engineered food and criticised the eu 's common agricultural policy  .
british ski jumper eddie `` the eagle '' edwards , whose low-level ski jumping performance at the  winter olympics drew the attention of the world , is ready to try again  .
the former bulgarian tsar is planning to make his first visit to the country since he was forced to abdicate half a century ago , the press office of simeon ii said tuesday  .
the un general assembly took aim at china and france on tuesday , passing a resolution strongly deploring nuclear testing and calling for an immediate halt to it  .
a second group of around  us servicemen to form the multi-national police force for bosnia-hercegovina arrived tuesday in southern hungary  .
the us senate rejected tuesday a constitutional amendment to outlaw the desecration of the us flag , with proponents of the change failing to muster the required two-thirds majority  .
the un general assembly took aim at china and france on tuesday , passing a resolution strongly deploring nuclear testing and calling for an immediate halt to it  .
los angeles international airport said tuesday it will stop collecting a three dollar passenger tax from departing passengers at the start of next year  .
a us administrative law judge has ruled that a chinese manufacturer illegally copied magnets used in high-tech products in violation of an intellectual property agreement  .
the un security council voted tuesday to extend its peacekeeping mission in rwanda for three final months  .
mexico asked the united states tuesday for any information it may have collected regarding links between a former president and drug trafficking  .
little known guingamp caused a major upset in the league cup on tuesday night , when they dumped holders paris st germain out of the second round with a - victory here  .
grain prices fell tuesday on the chicago futures market , while soy prices rose  .
a  but dubious goal by newcomer steve stone allowed england to escape from their final fixture of the year with a  - draw against portugal at wembley on tuesday  .
some , university students and professors demanding more money for higher education occupied the airport for four hours here tuesday and then marched toward the national assembly , witnesses said  .
the dollar firmed against other major currencies tuesday , rising on prospects for lower interest rates in several european countries  .
the senate banking committee unanimously approved on tuesday legislation to tighten sanctions on iran by punishing foreign as well as us companies that buy tehran 's oil and gas  .
here is a list of how un member states voted or abstained from voting on the general assembly resolution deploring nuclear testing and calling for its immediate cessation  .
a commemorative service was held tuesday near the site of canada 's worst air disaster , a crash that claimed the lives of  americans and  and angers relatives ten years later  .
the us state department and a key senate panel called tuesday for the immediate release of wei jingsheng , less than a day before the leading chinese dissident was to go on trial for sedition  .
a british hamster has been given a free bus pass as compensation after travel chiefs here apologised tuesday to the animal 's schoolboy owner for having charged him to take it to school on a bus  .
the us senate began debate tuesday on sending us troops to bosnia as the white house sought to assure congress that the moslem-led bosnian army would be strong enough to defend itself when nato goes home  .
the world 's seven leading industrialized democracies and russia agreed tuesday to step up the fight against terrorism  .
a key senate panel tuesday condemned china 's decision to install its own choice as the second-highest leader of tibetan buddhism over the objections of the dalai lama  .
- yen here in early morning trading wednesday , compared with  .
share prices opened higher on the tokyo stock exchange on wednesday , with the nikkei stock average rising  .
fifa president joao havelange said on tuesday the  world cup finals should be held in africa  .
fifa president joao havelange said on tuesday the  world cup finals should be held in africa  .
england coach terry venables warned england 's euro  rivals not to under-estimate his side after a - draw with portugal at wembley on tuesday  .
an additional suspect was indicted tuesday in connection with the world trade center blast that killed six people and injured , , local television reported  .
beijing authorities threw a tight security cordon wednesday around the courthouse housing the sedition trial of the country 's most famous dissident wei jingsheng  .
diego maradona threatened to quit his argentine club boca juniors on tuesday if they hired former national coach carlos bilardo  .
jack charlton , believed to be considering retirement if the republic of ireland lose their euro ' shoot-out with holland at anfield on wednesday , may just have had his appetite whetted for further battles ahead  .
president fidel castro said in an interview aired on wednesday that cuba will not abandon socialism but rather follow the footsteps of its socialist partners china and vietnam in opening up its economy  .
damon hill yet again came off second best to world champion michael schumacher when the british driver returned to formula one action at estoril in portugal on tuesday  .
the us state department and a key senate panel called tuesday for the immediate release of wei jingsheng as china prepared to put its most famous dissident on trial for sedition  .
president bill clinton said tuesday that us military officers would assist an international effort to arm and train the bosnian federation to ensure it can defend itself when nato leaves  .
the sedition trial of china 's best-known dissident wei jingsheng opened here wednesday , as beijing police threw a tight security blanket around the courthouse to keep foreigners away  .
an additional suspect was indicted tuesday in connection with the  world trade center blast that killed six people and injured , , local television reported  .
at least eight people were killed and  others were missing wednesday after an inter-island ferry caught fire before dawn after leaving the philippine capital for the island of mindoro , the coast guard and navy said  .
the sedition trial of china 's best-known dissident wei jingsheng opened here wednesday , as beijing police threw a tight security blanket around the courthouse to keep foreigners away  .
an additional suspect was indicted tuesday in connection with the  world trade center blast that killed six people and injured , , local television reported  .
mexico asked the united states tuesday for any information it may have collected regarding links between a former president and drug trafficking  .
un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali recommended tuesday that the security council authorize , troops to implement a peace agreement for croatia 's region of eastern slavonia  .
un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali recommended tuesday that the security council authorize , troops to implement a peace agreement for croatia 's region of eastern slavonia  .
the sedition trial of china 's best-known dissident wei jingsheng opened here wednesday , as beijing police threw a tight security blanket around the courthouse to keep chinese supporters and foreigners away  .
officials from the five major powers and eight islamic nations meet just north of here wednesday to cement their commitment to a peace agreement for bosnia to be signed the following day in the french capital  .
, the son of us civil rights leader jesse jackson , won a seat in the us congress during a special run-off election tuesday  .
argentine president carlos menem will meet british prime minister john major in madrid friday at the signing of an inter-regional trade agreement , a senior foreign ministry source said monday  .
the second ranking member of the aum supreme truth doomsday sect said in court wednesday it was sect leader shoko asahara who had ordered followers to commit a series of crimes and murders  .
two people were killed and  others injured in a fire that raged through a local broadcasting company in the central city of taejon on wednesday , witnesses said  .
radio canada international , celebrating its th birthday this year , will shut down from march  , officials said tuesday  .
hong kong sent home another  vietnamese migrants on wednesday in the latest forced repatriation aimed at clearing more than , boatpeople on its soil ahead of the  handover to china  .
cambodia 's capital was gripped by political uncertainty wednesday as the country 's two prime ministers prepared to leave for a regional summit in bangkok and its king for a state visit to hanoi  .
commercial aircraft flying over at least eight asia-pacific nations will be guided by satellites next year under a plan aimed at easing congestion in airports and airspace in the region , aviation officials said wednesday  .
at least  people were killed and an undetermined number were missing after an ferry shuttling passengers between manila and the central island of mindoro caught fire wednesday , the coast guard said  .
the dollar was steady against major currencies here wednesday , with investors reluctant to take fresh positions ahead of a bundesbank council meeting , dealers said  .
percent lower on wednesday , with the nikkei stock average depressed by profit-taking , which continued to limit near term upside prospects , brokers said  .
two sri lankan fishermen who netted a heavy catch from the sea north of colombo realized to their horror that the bounty included mortars and mortar launchers , a newspaper reported wednesday  .
percent lower on wednesday , with the nikkei stock average depressed by profit-taking , which continued to limit near-term upside prospects , brokers said  .
a chinese court on wednesday sentenced wei jingsheng , china 's most famous dissident , to  years ' jail on charges of conspiring to subvert the government  .
the rand slighly  against the dollar , opening tuesday at  .
the serbs of sarajevo have rejected the part of the dayton peace accord concerning sarajevo by  .
a coroner delivered an open verdict here wednesday on the death of baby azaria chamberlain , failing to resolve the ``  '' mystery which has haunted australia for  years  .
france said wednesday that it made `` no concessions '' to bosnian serbs in exchange for the release of two french airmen held since august  .
percent lower wednesday in cautious trading , dealers said  .
percent lower wednesday in cautious trading , with investors sidelined ahead of the release of us economic data later this week , dealers said  .
, has opened a representative office in hanoi , the company said in a statement here wednesday  .
former south korean dictator chun doo-hwan completed the th day of his prison hunger strike wednesday to protest his innocence , while fellow jailed ex-president roh tae-woo is eating well , witnesses said  .
israel 's parliament will soon consider legislation to legalize prostitution as long as it is only practiced from private homes , the bill 's sponsor , avraham  , said wednesday  .
the bundesbank is to hold a press conference after the last meeting of its policy-making central council meeting this year on thursday , the bank said  .
cuban president fidel castro , fresh from two weeks in china and vietnam , reportedly said wednesday that he turned down an invitation to visit north korea , the world 's last remaining stalinist stronghold  .
the taliban militia launched a two-pronged attack on kabul 's southern frontlines and a rocket barrage on the city center , defense officials and witnesses said wednesday  .
the kuwaiti parliament has adopted a law to televise proceedings for the first time since it was founded in  , the kuwaiti press said wednesday  .
pakistan has accused the us state department of interfering its internal affairs by issuing a statement of concern over escalating violence in the city of karachi  .
british aerospace and french aircraft manufacturer dassault are to set up a joint subsidiary to make  jets , they announced wednesday  .
the franc fell sharply in initial trading on the th day of strikes here on wednesday  .
a powerful storm with hurricane-force winds killed five people in the san francisco area , as driving rains opened a giant  that swallowed a house and forced the evacuation of  others  .
france 's transport strike entered its  day wednesday a day after mammoth street protests all over the country , despite concessions by premier alain juppe over his controversial welfare program  .
the ruble fell by  points to , to the dollar here on wednesday  .
parliament was thrown into disarray for the sixth straight day on wednesday , disrupted by swelling anti-government protests over plans to privatise india 's telecommunications sector  .
south korean prosecutors on wednesday arrested a former top aide to jailed ex-president roh tae-woo on charges of taking bribes from arms dealers  .
the war in chechnya is `` far from over '' , separatist chechen leader dzhokhar dudayev warned wednesday though he said he opposed terrorism as a weapon against the russians  .
china and britain are scheduled to meet for the first time thursday to discuss ceremonies to mark hong kong 's return to china in  , a government spokesman said wednesday  .
a -year-old north korean woman and her son arrived in south korea wednesday in the second defection from the  north in as many days , intelligence officials said  .
two top european fighter aircraft manufacturers , dassault of france and british aerospace defense ltd , announced an alliance wednesday in the tough market for military aircraft  .
france would not have signed the dayton peace accords , due to be initialled in paris on thursday , if its two missing pilots had not been returned by bosnian serbs , ministers said wednesday  .
the bundesbank held its base repurchase rate steady at  .
percent on wednesday , injecting a net amount of  .
billion dollars -rrb- into the banking system under a regular -day arrangement  .
malaysian police wednesday confirmed that a new suspect in the  bombing of new york 's world trade center was arrested here before being extradited to new york  .
the prosecutor in the murder trial of malawi 's ex-president kamuzu banda , has dropped the substantive charge of conspiracy to murder on cecilia kadzamira , the companion of the former dictator , because of lack of evidence  .
french foreign minister herve de charette lamented wednesday a lack of solidarity by paris ' eu partners in a un general assembly vote condemning nuclear tests  .
asean leaders arrived here wednesday for a summit topped by the signing of a treaty banning nuclear weapons in the region and talks on membership expansion and the acceleration of a free-trade plan  .
a human rights campaigner arrested over the weekend for slamming jail conditions in rwanda has been released and is to appear before the kigali prosecutor wednesday , his organization announced  .
unions have called for a new -hour strike of air traffic controllers on friday , threatening more disruption to flights as part of nationwide strike action , officials said wednesday  .
a decree preparing the way for the privatisation of the french  trade bank was published in the official journal here on wednesday  .
percent in november , after a revised unchanged figure in october , originally reported as a  .
percent fall , the central statistical office -lrb- cso -rrb- reported wednesday  .
rescue teams arrived wednesday near the site in far-eastern siberia where the wreckage of a russian plane that disappeared a week ago was located , the russian emergency situations ministry said  .
south korean arms dealers have been summoned for questioning as part of a probe into a slush fund allegedly amassed by ex-president chun doo-hwan , news reports said  .
saudi arabia will likely pump nearly  billion dollars into projects to expand its oil , electricity and water production over the next few years , a bank study said on wednesday  .
leaders of the organization of the islamic conference -lrb- oic -rrb- began talks in an abbey north of paris on wednesday aimed at hammering out how they can contribute to a stability pact for the balkans  .
percent lower on profit-taking wednesday , while most other asian markets reported rudderless trade or bargain hunting  .
us firms with bases in the philippines plan to invest  billion pesos -lrb-  .
billion dollars -rrb- in the country in the next two years , the american chamber commerce said here wednesday  .
unknown assailants shot dead a tajik bbc  here , the tajik interior ministry reported on wednesday  .
president jacques chirac said wednesday there was no alternative to the social welfare reform plans behind france 's three-week old social crisis , and reaffirmed his confidence in his prime minister alain juppe  .
lea rabin , the widow of slain israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin , arrived in rome on wednesday to take part in a ceremony to commemorate her husband 's part in striving for a middle east peace  .
france has signed an agreement with uganda to set up a research laboratory at kampala 's mulago hospital which will produce substances used to treat aids victims  .
israeli prime minister shimon peres arrived here wednesday for talks with king hassan ii  .
eight top leaders of the militant palestinian group hamas left for sudan wednesday to prepare for reconciliation talks in cairo this weekend with yasser arafat 's palestinian authority  .
industrial investment in saudi arabia has jumped nearly seven times since  as the biggest world oil producer stepped up a drive to diversify its economy , a study showed on wednesday  .
democrat willie brown , a powerful black member of the california assembly , won tuesday 's runoff election against san francisco mayor and fellow democrat frank jordan , according to partial results early wednesday  .
serbian president slobodan milosevic left belgrade wednesday for paris where he is to take part in a signing ceremony for the bosnia peace accords , his office said  .
the bank of england 's decision to lower interest rates on wednesday marks the first cut since february  last year  .
a wildcat protest strike against plans to privatize the national carrier south african airways -lrb- saa -rrb- disrupted domestic air traffic throughout the country wednesday , airline officials said  .
south african super middleweight  malinga 's challenge for briton nigel benn 's wbc title has been switched from january  to march  , organizer rodney berman said wednesday  .
president jacques chirac on wednesday reaffirmed his confidence in prime minister alain juppe , saying there was no alternative to the social welfare reform plans behind france 's three-week old social crisis  .
manila airport reopened wednesday after  hours of chaos caused by a china airlines jet that collided with a truck as it landed and blocked the runway as it tried to take off  .
the peace process between israel and syria is moving into a new phase following `` new and important proposals '' from israeli prime minister shimon peres , damascus said wednesday  .
southeast asian leaders arrived here wednesday for a summit to be topped by the signing of a treaty banning nuclear weapons in the region despite reluctance by military powers to support the pact  .
police on wednesday shot and killed two members of the outlawed jihad group in separate gun battles during a widespread sweep across egypt which netted  militants , police said  .
an algiers court on wednesday gave suspended jail sentences to the managing editor and a journalist on the private daily liberte , after convicting them of libel , sources at the newspaper said  .
at least  people were killed when a passenger bus plunged into the  river , southwest of kathmandu on wednesday , police said  .
sterling gained from a reduction in the bank of england lending rates wednesday morning on the european currency markets , while the french franc suffered with continued strikes in france  .
liberian health officials are establishing a treatment center to deal with a potential ebola emergency following reports that  people died recently in `` strange circumstances '' in the home county of a man confirmed to be infected with the deadly virus  .
german foreign minister klaus kinkel condemned china 's jailing of wei jingsheng as `` unacceptable '' on wednesday after the dissident was given a -year sentence  .
cambodia 's king norodom sihanouk on wednesday offered , dollars in compensation to two bulgarian teenagers , seriously wounded earlier this year when police and soldiers fired on their motorcycle  .
south africa and swaziland have signed the geneva conventions on the protection of civilian populations in times of hostilities , a statement by the international red cross announced here wednesday  .
four men were burned alive after falling into an oven heated to  degrees celsius -lrb-  fahrenheit -rrb- at a foundry in  in western poland , police said wednesday , cited by pap news agency  .
prague opened its first museum of modern-art on wednesday following  years of renovation work on the building housing it and a -year ban by the communists  .
two renegade vice chairmen of the ruling kuomintang -lrb- kmt -rrb- said on wednesday they planned to sue the party after they were formally suspended for having `` seriously violated party discipline ''  .
a man charged with conspiring to bomb  us airliners in a plot thwarted by philippine authorities was arrested by federal agents and flown to the united states from malaysia , the new york times said wednesday  .
british unemployment figures fell for the  consecutive month to eight percent in november , with a monthly reduction of , unemployed , official figures revealed wednesday  .
iran on wednesday criticised a vote by the us senate banking committee to tighten sanctions against the islamic republic by punishing foreign companies dealing with the iranian oil industry  .
zimbabwe 's president robert mugabe on wednesday said his government will deal ruthlessly with people who masquerade as members of human rights or religious organizations to create chaos through violent street demonstrations  .
the zambian government has began updating the voters ' register in preparations for next year 's elections which are likely once again to pit former president kenneth kaunda against the incumbent fredrick chiluba  .
british special forces flew into bosnia this week as nato continued its preparations to deploy a ,-strong peace force , witnesses and military sources said  .
a philippines ferry that caught fire south of manila on wednesday killing at least  people may have breached safety rules , maritime officials said  .
mark mcghee was appointed manager of wolves in  to former england boss graham taylor on wednesday , just six days after walking out on first division midlands rivals leicester  .
the new egyptian parliament held its opening session wednesday despite the allegations of fraud and vote rigging surrounding  percent of its seats won in general elections  .
blackburn rovers have signed highly rated welsh international defender chris coleman for  .
million dollars -rrb- , the club announced wednesday  .
the peace process between israel and syria is moving into a new phase following `` new and important proposals '' from israeli prime minister shimon peres , damascus said wednesday  .
two leading russian nationalists called wednesday for a coalition of opposition parties to unite to force changes to the russian constitution after the upcoming election  .
the bosnian serbs expect france to support their demands for changes to the bosnia peace deal , following the serb release of two french airmen , bosnian serb media indicated wednesday  .
opener matthew elliott hit an unbeaten  to put victoria in control against tasmania on the opening day of the sheffield shield match here wednesday  .
two more arab states have joined an ambitious stocks project set up by the arab monetary fund -lrb- amf -rrb- to link regional bourses and encourage cross-border investment , operators said on wednesday  .
a libyan patrol ship fired on a tunisian fishing boat seriously wounding one of the fishermen on board , daily newspapers reported here wednesday  .
the director-general of the un world health organisation , hiroshi nakajima , on wednesday arrived in the central african republic , stating that the health situation in africa has improved this year  .
serbian president slobodan milosevic arrived in paris on wednesday as world leaders headed in for the bosnian peace accord signing thursday morning  .
former everton boss howard kendall returned to football with first division sheffield united on wednesday after eight months in the wilderness  .
an indian died when an electric wire fell into rain water at a clothes factory in the united arab emirates as storms swept the desert gulf arab states , newspapers reported here wednesday  .
microsoft chairman bill gates said wednesday his company would introduce new software to help internet users edit documents and information on their own computers , kyodo news service reported  .
share prices improved on the bombay stock exchange -lrb- bse -rrb- wednesday , spurred by strong domestic institutional buying and a recovery in the share price of market leader reliance industries  .
wei jingsheng , the chinese dissident jailed for  years on wednesday , sought to `` unite various forces of illegal organizations '' in a plot to overthrow the government , xinhua news agency said wednesday  .
the united nations accused indonesian authorities on wednesday of `` grave violations '' of human rights in east timor including claims of torture  .
human remains have been recovered in a search for the grave site of legendary guerrilla leader che guevara , officials said wednesday  .
a small number of local rail union committees voted wednesday to return to work as the strike gripping france nears the end of its third week , union sources said  .
bank of boston will acquire boston-based baybanks in a two billion dollar exchange of stock , the banks announced wednesday  .
russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin on wednesday condemned as an `` intolerable escapade '' a statement by us ambassador thomas pickering calling for the return of the disputed kuril islands to japan  .
registration of candidates for the first palestinian self-rule elections on january  will begin thursday and last for nine days , the central palestinian election commission announced wednesday  .
leah rabin , the widow of slain israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin , arrived in rome on wednesday to take part in a ceremony to commemorate her husband 's part in striving for a middle east peace  .
us secretary of state warren christopher will meet palestinian leader yasser arafat this weekend in the west bank self-rule enclave of jericho , an arafat aide confirmed wednesday  .
swiss authorities have released a relative of raoul salinas , held in connection with a political murder in mexico , a month after he was arrested here when his sister tried to withdraw  million dollars using false documents , a government spokesman said wednesday  .
spanish tax inspectors are looking into the affairs of tennis star arantxa sanchez vicario following a number of apparent irregularities , el mundo newspaper reported on wednesday  .
former french minister maurice papon ,  , could soon face trial for crimes against humanity in connection with the deportation of jews to nazi death camps during world war ii , a lawyer for the victims ' families said wednesday  .
an ira member serving a -year sentence in england on terrorist charges was wednesday transferred to northern ireland for health reasons , the government said  .
egypt arrested a naturalized british citizen in a sweep against the jihad extremist group which netted  militants and left two others dead , the interior ministry said on wednesday  .
sterling consolidated its positions early wednesday afternoon on the london forex market after a british rate cut , while the french franc remained under pressure due to french strikes and the dollar was steady  .
france was trying wednesday to get the republics of the former yugoslavia to agree on mutual recognition in advance of the ceremony to sign the bosnian peace accords here  .
prime minister alain juppe announced wednesday he will personally chair a `` summit on employment '' next week , in an apparent new bid to appease unions leading a three-week-old strike  .
major league soccer , the new united states first-division league which opens in less than four months , has signed  new players and is going after colombia 's carlos valderrama  .
domestic flights in south africa had returned to normal by mid - afternoon wednesday after a wildcat protest strike caused widespread disruptions during the morning peak , airline officials said  .
germany has granted aid worth  million marks to tunisia to finance two important environmental protection projects , a german diplomatic source said in tunis on wednesday  .
south african mining giant de beers on wednesday announced record rough diamond sales of  .
billion dollars in  by its marketing arm , the central selling organisation -lrb- cso -rrb-  .
more than  people have died of cold in moscow since the beginning of november , interfax news agency reported on wednesday  .
at least , irish fans were making the trip across the irish sea to liverpool for the republic 's winner-takes-all clash with holland on wednesday  .
national hockey league owners meet here thursday , with plans to approve one club relocation and hear a proposal that might help struggling clubs avoid future moves  .
the former head of latvia 's kgb was sentenced wednesday to life imprisonment after he was charged with genocide against the latvian people during the soviet era , interfax news agency reported  .
government-owned french computer group bull still expects a `` positive net result for  '' after a consolidated loss of  .
billion francs last year and one of  million francs for this year 's first nine months  .
at least two gunmen were killed and three others were wounded when heavily armed men supported by two technicals -lrb- armed wagons -rrb- attacked a police station at k- in south mogadishu on wednesday morning , sources close to general mohamed farah aidid said  .
israeli prime minister shimon peres said wednesday he was `` convinced '' there would be a breakthrough in stalled peace talks with syria , but refused to announce a timetable for new negotiations  .
barbados has turned down a west indies cricket board of control request for status equivalent to diplomatic immunity from legal action in a move which could see the organization leave the island  .
the former head of latvia 's kgb was sentenced wednesday to life imprisonment after he was charged with genocide against the latvian people during the soviet era , interfax news agency reported  .
major obstacles need to be resolved before refugees agree to return to the southern bosnian town of mostar and elections are held there , the newly appointed administrator of the divided town said wednesday  .
french foreign minister herve de charette on wednesday ruled out a deal on mutual recognition which france had hoped to announce as part of the ceremony to sign the bosnia peace accords  .
greece called on turkey wednesday to prove it could conform to eu standards after it secured a long-sought customs union with the -member organization  .
police sealed off the georges pompidou cultural center in the heart of paris wednesday after about , demonstrators occupied the building calling for better rights for the homeless and unemployed  .
formula one world champion michael schumacher needed just two laps to set the best time in practice here on wednesday , but there was a scare for gerhard berger  .
britain expressed dismay and concern at the -year prison term given chinese dissident wei jingsheng by a beijing court wednesday for conspiring to subvert the government  .
the scene for the international conference on bosnia , the medieval  abbey , is a masterpiece of  art belonging to the philanthropic foundation for the progress of human science  .
tokyo and  are still the most expensive cities for expatriates in the world , but the libyan capital , tripoli , is fast catching up with them , an british study calculated wednesday  .
a man allegedly involved in terrorist plots to blow up us airliners in asia has been arrested here , new york federal prosecutor mary jo white said wednesday  .
major obstacles need to be resolved before refugees agree to return to the southern bosnian town of mostar and elections are held there , the eu 's representative in the divided town said wednesday  .
the chief executive of british aerospace , dick evans , said wednesday that european mergers and acquisitions are vital for the survival of europe 's aeronautics industry in the face of dwindling defense budgets  .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- has formally joined the world trade organisation -lrb- wto -rrb- after resolving differences over its economic policy , said  , economy and commerce minister , said wednesday  .
the dollar inched up against other major currencies except the yen here early wednesday in a quiet market dominated by technical factors  .
the lebanese army has arrested  moslem fundamentalists suspected of planning attacks , a legal source said wednesday  .
the new egyptian parliament held its first session wednesday despite the allegations of fraud and vote rigging surrounding  percent of its seats won in general elections  .
president bill clinton evoked the horrors of world war ii as he headed for the balkans peace pact signing in paris wednesday and called on americans to support his efforts to prevent a repeat of those atrocities  .
the world food program said in rome on wednesday that it would have to close its office in pyongyang on january  and halt operations in north korea unless donor countries make contributions to keep the program going  .
amnesty international expressed fears wednesday that  dissident ogoni charged with the murders of four pro-government ogoni officials might be sentenced to death and executed without any right of appeal  .
bank of boston will acquire boston-based baybanks in a two billion dollar exchange of stock , the banks announced wednesday  .
the united states strongly condemned wednesday the -year sentence handed down to china 's leading dissident , wei jingsheng , after his conviction for seeking to overthrow the chinese government  .
south africa 's -member truth and reconciliation commission will meet for the first time here on saturday , commission chairman archbishop desmond tutu announced on wednesday  .
on wednesday said it would resume proceedings for damages against the indian state of maharashtra for scrapping a  .
- billion-dollar power project , the press trust of india said  .
a man allegedly involved in terrorist plots to blow up us airliners in asia has been arrested here , new york federal prosecutor mary jo white said wednesday  .
hours before it was due to host a major conference to seal the peace in former yugoslavia , france scrambled to deny reports that it struck a deal with one of the parties to the conflict to obtain the release of two airmen  .
three russian air force planes plunged into a mountainside on landing at a vietnam base and the four pilots aboard were missing , the defense ministry announced wednesday  .
share prices here were mixed tuesday after a report of stronger-than - expected us retail sales in november raised doubts about the chances for a near-term federal reserve interest rate cut  .
an organisation of african unity -lrb- oau -rrb- commission will hold a meeting in the ugandan capital kampala on monday in a bid to open a dialogue with nigeria on human rights , an official said wednesday  .
palestinians living in  refugee camps in lebanon went on strike on wednesday in protest at immigration restrictions imposed by beirut after libya began expelling palestinians  .
france has signed an agreement with uganda to set up a research laboratory at kampala 's mulago hospital which will produce substances used to treat aids victims  .
south african deputy foreign minister aziz pahad and canadian high commissioner arthur perron on wednesday signed a general memorandum of understanding on development cooperation  .
france appealed for clemency wednesday after the chinese dissident wei jingsheng was jailed for  years  .
an organisation of african unity -lrb- oau -rrb- commission will hold a meeting in the ugandan capital kampala on monday in a bid to open a dialogue with nigeria on human rights , an official said wednesday  .
major currencies were mostly firm against the german mark on wednesday on the london forex market , supported by expectations of lower german interest rates , but the french franc fell victim to continuing large - scale strikes and protests in france  .
eight top leaders of the militant palestinian group hamas left for sudan wednesday to prepare for reconciliation talks in cairo this weekend with yasser arafat 's palestinian authority  .
bosnian serb leaders unhappy over certain aspects of the dayton peace agreement called wednesday for last minute changes to the accord before the official signing ceremony in paris thursday  .
both the british government and the human rights group amnesty international harshly criticized the trial of leading chinese dissident wei jingsheng by a beijing court wednesday and his -year prison sentence  .
bosnia 's main women 's group said wednesday it supports the us-brokered peace accord due to be signed in paris thursday , despite grave misgivings over the treaty which it said `` rewarded '' the serb `` aggressors ''  .
spain suffered a trade deficit in october of  .
percent from the same month last year , the economics ministry announced in madrid on wednesday  .
south africa has been accepted as a member of the african development bank -lrb- afdb -rrb- , according to a statement released here wednesday by south africa 's finance ministry  .
chancellor of the exchequer kenneth clarke told a parliamentary committee on wednesday that britain 's gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- would probably grow by less than  .
foreign ministers from the major powers and eight islamic nations wound up a meeting here wednesday to iron out final details of a peace agreement for bosnia due to be signed the following day in paris  .
leah rabin , the widow of slain israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin , arrived in rome wednesday to take part in a ceremony to commemorate her husband 's role in striving for middle east peace  .
bosnia 's main women 's group said wednesday it supports the us-brokered peace accord due to be signed in paris thursday , despite grave misgivings over the treaty which it said `` rewarded '' the serb `` aggressors  .
french authorities have mobilised helicopters and bus convoys to beat traffic jams in strike-bound paris for the signing thursday of a historic peace accord on bosnia-hercegovina in the elysee palace  .
an international panel on decommissioning of paramilitary arms in northern ireland will hold its first session in belfast friday and saturday , it was announced here and in belfast wednesday  .
billion-dollar gamble on long-term olympic television rights in the united states could pay off for nbc by foiling rival rupert murdoch and putting the network on the road to advertising riches  .
exiled chinese pro-democracy advocate wang juntao voiced outrage wednesday at the -year prison term handed down to china 's most famous dissident , saying it would only amplify his plea for democratic change  .
former interior minister jose barrionuevo walked out of the supreme court wednesday after  of testimony to judges probing claims of a state-sponsored `` dirty war '' against basque separatists  .
spanish prime minister felipe gonzalez met opposition conservative leader jose maria aznar for talks here wednesday two days ahead of an eu summit in the spanish capital  .
europe 's soccer authorities must shoulder much of the blame for the bosman affair which threatens the future of the sport 's transfer system , says eu competition commissioner karel van miert  .
more than  carriage drivers demonstrated in the egyptian town of  on wednesday to protest a provincial governor 's decision to ban them because of the mess caused by manure and traffic   .
the european tour announced on wednesday a third event in south africa next season -- the fnb players ' championship at the durban country club from february -  .
the white house strongly condemned the -year jail term handed down wednesday to china 's leading dissident , wei jingsheng , but stopped short of calling for trade penalties  .
two trucks carrying nato equipment for us troops in bosnia slid off the road into a ditch during a snowstorm near the western village of  wednesday afternoon , a police official reportedly said  .
said wednesday it plans to cut about , jobs worldwide , or  percent of the current workforce , and take a restructuring charge of  .
the federal bureau of investigation searched a california home wednesday in connection with an october crash of an amtrak train that killed one person , an fbi official said  .
rebel serb military chief general ratko mladic on wednesday called on russia and the international community to amend the bosnia peace treaty to be signed in paris thursday  .
yigal amir , the jewish extremist who killed prime minister yitzhak rabin , will be held in solitary confinement in the desert jail of  after his sentencing , a senior prison official said wednesday  .
libya will question its diplomat expelled from britain and punish him if the accusations against him are confirmed , the official libyan news agency jana said wednesday  .
at least  students were injured , two with bullet wounds , when violence broke out wednesday in the nicaraguan capital between police and students demanding more education funding , sources said  .
militants of the environmental organization greenpeace demonstrated against french nuclear tests wednesday as parliament debated the issue for the first time since testing resumed three-and-a-half months ago  .
some , belgians demonstrated wednesday against austerity measures under consideration by the government that would cut back benefits for government employees  .
the dutch parliament approved plans to send some , dutch troops to bosnia as part of the nato-led force due to police peace accords in the former yugoslav republic , parliamentary officials said  .
palestinian leader yasser arafat is to visit the newly-autonomous town of nablus on the west bank on friday , a senior palestinian official said wednesday  .
microsoft , the top software company , and nbc will join together in a -hour news channel , cnbc television reported here wednesday  .
the un security council said wednesday it was seriously concerned about the ongoing conflict in afghanistan , and appealed to all sides to cease fire immediately  .
an egyptian family of deaf-mutes lost their sole voice when their only speaking son hanged himself apparently by accident while exercising , the daily al-akhbar reported  .
green bay suffered a setback in their super bowl bid here wednesday when defensive end reggie white was told he will be sidelined for the remainder of the american football season  .
the african peacekeeping force ecomog will thursday begin deploying troops throughout liberia in preparation for the disarmament and demobilization of some , militiamen , the force 's governing body announced in monrovia wednesday  .
the united states is fully expecting that bosnian serb leaders indicted as war criminals will step down when a peace agreement is signed this week , a us official said wednesday  .
, canada 's largest life insurance company , said wednesday it had received permission to operate in china  .
presidents franjo tudjman of croatia and slobodan milosevic of serbia , as well as us secretary of state warren christopher , arrived in the french capital wednesday for the signing of a peace agreement on the former yugoslavia  .
the , us troops headed for bosnia-hercegovina will get  dollars in extra monthly pay because of the danger associated with the mission , the pentagon said wednesday  .
the united nations , in a unusual move wednesday , retracted a report by un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali that recommended the security council authorize , troops to implement a peace agreement for croatia 's region of eastern slavonia  .
the federal bureau of investigation searched a california home wednesday in connection with an october crash of an amtrak train that killed one person , an fbi official said  .
serbian president slobodan milosevic is to meet with us president bill clinton early on thursday in paris , the official serbian news agency tanjug said  .
france and russia used threats to win the release of two pilots held by rebel serbs , warning that they would refuse to sign the dayton peace deal and pull out their troops from sarajevo if the two were not freed , informed sources said here  .
the united states said wednesday it will take a tougher stand on human rights issues in its relations with china following the sentencing of leading dissident wei jingsheng to  years in prison  .
the united states led international condemnation of china wednesday for jailing its leading dissident , wei jingsheng , for  years after his conviction on charges of seeking to overthrow the government  .
all  passengers and the crew of a romanian passenger aircraft were believed dead when the plane crashed on take-off near verona airport in northern italy late wednesday , rescue officials said  .
the us congress prepared wednesday to give grudging support to a planned deployment of us troops to bosnia , beginning with the senate 's defeat of a measure to cut funding for the mission  .
mike tyson refused to predict how long it would take him to defeat buster mathis in their scheduled -round heavyweight fight here saturday  .
all  passengers and the crew of a romanian passenger aircraft were believed dead when it crashed and burned on take-off near verona airport in northern italy late wednesday , rescue officials said  .
wheat prices finished with mixed trading wednesday while corn and soy products progressed on the chicago futures market  .
the united states said wednesday that former mexican president carlos salinas had been put on a us customs `` lookout '' list but reiterated that that he was not under investigation by us authorities  .
the united states voiced approval wednesday for an agreement reached between pyongyang and an international consortium to build light water nuclear reactors in north korea  .
england coach terry venables told a court here wednesday he was the victim of a conspiracy to prevent him leading his team to victory in next year 's european championships  .
joe miller hit a superb hat-trick and new boy dean windass also netted as aberdeen moved to within two points of third-placed hibernian at the top of the scottish premier league with a - victory over kilmarnock on wednesday  .
us assistant secretary of state for middle eastern affairs robert pelletreau met key politicians here wednesday for talks on bilateral relations as well as international and regional issues , officials said  .
french rail traffic will again be practically nonexistent thursday on the st day of a strike by public workers , with the notable exception of six trains from brussels to london that cross french territory , the rail company sncf announced wednesday  .
all  passengers and four crew of a romanian aircraft died when it crashed and burned on take-off near verona airport in northern italy late wednesday , police and rescue officials said  .
a un committee voted wednesday to issue a strong condemnation of human rights in iraq , and expressed concern about similar abuses of human rights in iran  .
the united nations is planning to deploy about , civilian policemen in bosnia-hercegovina who will supervise and train local law-enforcement officers , diplomats here said wednesday  .
the united states wednesday accused un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali of trying to `` shy away '' from un recommendations to send a un peacekeeping force to eastern slavonia  .
wall street set a new record to close at , .
wednesday , just three weeks after breaking through the psychological barrier of ,  .
trading on the dollar was mixed on wednesday , but stayed stable against the german mark in advance of a meeting by the german central bank that could mean lower interest rates there  .
kuwaiti artillery carried out exercises using russian  multiple rocket launchers for the first time in the middle east wednesday , government officials said  .
powerhouse va'aiga tuigamala stepped off the bench to steady uncertain world champions wigan with a superb two-try display and keep them well on course for a seventh successive title with a - victory over halifax on wednesday  .
police arrested two men wednesday who allegedly tried to blackmail harrods department store out of five million pounds -lrb-  .
million dollars -rrb- by threatening to release cockroaches and rats in the food halls  .
canada 's house of commons voted wednesday to approve a resolution that would allow several canadian provinces to veto proposed changes to the constitution  .
european giants ac milan crashed out of the italian cup on wednesday when they lost a penalty shoot-out to second division bologna  .
the united states said wednesday that former mexican president carlos salinas had been put on a us customs watch list but reiterated that he was not under investigation by us authorities  .
a judge has finally decided that the brain of slain serial killer jeffrey dahmer should be cremated and not donated to science as his mother wanted , court officials said wednesday  .
a un committee passed a resolution wednesday expressing alarm and concern over the human rights situation in the sudan  .
us president bill clinton departed from the white house wednesday for paris where he will take part in the signing ceremony of the us - brokered bosnia peace agreement  .
bosnia and yugoslavia have agreed to recognize each other , us envoy richard holbrooke announced here wednesday  .
a un committee passed a resolution wednesday profoundly regretting numerous violations of human rights in cuba , but havana 's ambassador struck back , calling it a hostile act motivated by us interests  .
- yen here in early morning trading thursday , compared with  .
share prices opened higher on the tokyo stock exchange on thursday , with the nikkei stock average rising  .
the united states battled wednesday with un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali over who would send troops to croatia to enforce a peace pact with rebel croatian serbs  .
they called it the `` voice of canada '' around the world  .
the australian government has expressed regret over the -year sentence given to dissident wei jingsheng by a chinese court  .
the united nations said wednesday that it regretted the `` tone and the contents '' of a us response to un secretary general boutros boutros - ghali in a battle over who would send troops to eastern slavonia  .
bosnia and yugoslavia have agreed to recognize each other , us envoy richard holbrooke announced here wednesday  .
argentine interior minister carlos corach denied wednesday that he had pledged to reinstate three police officers suspended for embracing erich priebke as he was extradited to italy  .
the united states battled wednesday with un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali over who would send troops to croatia to enforce a peace pact with rebel croatian serbs  .
activase , a medicine mainly used in emergency cases against heart attacks , can also be administered for strokes as well , according to a report in the new england journal of medicine  .
ottawa 's house of commons adopted wednesday a resolution presented by prime minister jean chretien giving several canadian provinces a veto over constitutional changes  .
the romanian transportation ministry said there had been an `` explosion '' aboard an antonov- aircraft charted by a romanian company that crashed shortly after take-off near verona , italy on wednesday , killing all  people aboard  .
a romanian aircraft crashed shortly after taking off from verona airport in northern italy on wednesday killing  people , italian police reported here , while in bucharest authorities said there had been an explosion on board the antonov-  .
the us house of representatives defeated wednesday a resolution to cut off funds for the us troop deployment in bosnia , following the lead of the senate  .
a rampaging crowd looted shops and started a number of fires wednesday after a protest sparked by the death of a man in police custody turned violent on the streets of brixton , south london  .
share prices were higher on the tokyo stock exchange on thursday morning , on the back of a strong wall street overnight , with buying support emerging particularly for low-priced leading stocks , brokers said  .
a rebound in consumer spending and an upturn in production prices in november could make federal reserve officials less likely to lower interest rates next week , economists said wednesday  .
for , us troops heading to implement the peace in bosnia the brochure `` staying healthy in bosnia '' has become a must read  .
us-based human rights groups have called on washington to take concrete measures to secure the release of china 's best-known dissident , wei jingsheng , following his sentencing to  years for sedition  .
the tokyo district court on thursday froze the assets of doomsday cult aum supreme truth to prevent the group from hiding money and property believed to be worth at least  .
south korean business tycoons and arms dealers have been interrogated as part of a probe into a slush fund allegedly amassed by ex-president chun doo-hwan , prosecutors said thursday  .
bad weather has hampered efforts to recover the  of three russian fighter jets that crashed near the cam ranh bay naval base in vietnam , an official at the base said thursday  .
hong kong and australia signed thursday an aviation agreement ending a protracted dispute over air traffic rights , a government spokesman said thursday  .
the senate rejected wednesday a non-binding resolution that would have opposing the us decision to send troops to bosnia but not block the deployment  .
a classic jaguar car used by queen elizabeth ii during her  visit to sri lanka fetched a record  .
million rupees -lrb- , dollars -rrb- at an auction of police vehicles here , a spokesman said thursday  .
-lrb- ioc -rrb- has forged a partnership with the saudi arabian petroleum giant aramco to set up an refinery and a power plant in northern india , a newspaper reported thursday  .
europe 's bloodiest conflict in  years , a fratricidal struggle that killed , people , comes formally to an end thursday when the warring parties in bosnia sign a peace accord backed by the world 's most powerful leaders  .
the us senate voted wednesday to support the us troops being deployed to implement a peace agreement in bosnia while requiring that the united states help arm and train the bosnian government 's army  .
south korea 's conservative opposition party on thursday suggested a political truce surrounding criminal charges against two presidents , citing what it called an unusual military situation in north korea  .
billion us -rrb- bid for victoria 's  electricity distributor has been accepted , the state 's treasurer said thursday  .
hong kong and australia signed an agreement here thursday to end a protracted dispute over air traffic rights that nearly triggered an aviation conflict , a spokesman for the colony 's government said  .
the us senate voted wednesday to support us troops bound for bosnia as president bill clinton flew to france for the signing of a balkan peace agreement  .
british soldiers sent to bosnia as part of a nato-led force due to implement peace accords there will be under orders to arrest indicted war criminals if they cross their paths , the british press reported thursday  .
michael jordan scored  points and scottie pippen added  as chicago beat orlando - to win their seventh national basketball association game in a row here on wednesday  .
chairman john  said the australian mining giant and its british-based parent rtz did not quite understand the conditions the australian government had placed on their proposed merger  .
former mexican president carlos salinas denied wednesday that he has sent out a letter naming politicians , journalists and businessmen tied to the drug cartels  .
us and british helicopter manufacturers have been asked to make a `` best and final offer '' to provide up to six new helicopters for the royal new zealand navy , but a french manufacturer has missed out , minister of defense warren cooper said in a statement thursday  .
electricity production in china rose  percent this year over  , with increases registered in nuclear , hydroelectric and conventional power production , the official xinhua news agency said thursday  .
as part of the continuing effort to revamp and reform the top-heavy royal cambodian armed forces -lrb- rcaf -rrb- , the government has demoted more than , lieutenant colonels and majors , the state news agency reported thursday  .
a senior bosnian serb official said late wednesday a provisional solution to the problem posed by serb resistance to bosnian government administration of sarajevo could be applied for six to nine months  .
china will step up efforts to curb inefficiency and waste in  , but the state will not abandon its central planning role , a newspaper report said thursday  .
american and british helicopter manufacturers have been asked to make a `` best and final offer '' to provide up to six new helicopters for the royal new zealand navy , but a french manufacturer has been excluded , minister of defense warren cooper said thursday  .
king norodom sihanouk of cambodia began a state visit to vietnam thursday that officials on both sides said would usher in a new era in relations between the  neighbors  .
the dollar was stable against major currencies here thursday , with investors sidelined ahead of germany 's bundesbank council meeting , dealers said  .
billion dollars , a daewoo spokesman said thursday  .
percent higher on thursday , with the nikkei stock average supported by futures-led buying and a stronger wall street overnight , brokers said  .
a delegation of us , japanese and south korea experts left thursday for north korea to conduct a month-long survey of the site for a new nuclear power plant  .
percent higher thursday on renewed buying by foreign investors and a stronger wall street overnight , brokers said  .
vietnam 's prime minister vo van kiet has ordered an investigation into the near slave labor conditions of hundreds of children employed in gold mines in the north of the country , an official said thursday  .
saudi arabia 's king fahd , who is recovering from an illness , held talks with the country 's  leading princes , the official saudi press agency said thursday  .
us president bill clinton arrived in paris thursday to attend the signing of the bosnia peace accords reached last month in dayton , ohio  .
china executed  people in the southern city of guangzhou on wednesday for crimes ranging from robbery to murder , the guangzhou evening news received here thursday reported  .
russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin left moscow thursday for paris to represent russia at the signing there of the dayton peace accords for bosnia , russian news agencies reported  .
rescuers were battling bad weather thursday in efforts to locate the wreckage of three russian fighter jets that crashed near the cam ranh bay naval base in vietnam , officials said  .
us president bill clinton arrived in paris on thursday to attend the signing of the bosnia peace accords reached last month in dayton , ohio  .
south korean automobiles will make historical inroads into north korea for the first time next week through a chinese-south korean joint  trading firm , a korean automaker said thursday  .
a palestinian was shot dead thursday after stabbing two israeli settlers in the volatile west bank town of hebron , a military official said  .
a panamanian oil tanker , impounded in the northern chinese port of tianjin since june , has been auctioned for  .
million dollars to an american buyer , a report said thursday  .
iran has rejected as `` unfounded and biased '' un charges of human rights violations in the islamic republic , the official irna news agency said thursday  .
china will audit all its administrative state assets next year for the first time since the communist state was founded in  in a bid to boost state revenues , the china daily said thursday  .
china on thursday lashed at the united states for criticising its jailing of dissident wei jingsheng , slamming washington 's protests as `` malicious '' and perilous to bilateral ties  .
percent lower thursday as investors stayed on sidelines awaiting news of a possible us interest rate cut next week , dealers said  .
percent thursday in quiet trading as investors sidelined awaiting news of a possible us interest rate cut next week , dealers said  .
the rand was lower against the dollar at the opening here thursday at  .
zimbabwean president robert mugabe is confident of another five-year term in office after next year 's presidential elections  .
both houses of the us congress have grudgingly voted to support us troops bound for bosnia , but disapproved president bill clinton 's decision to participate in the nato-led peacekeeping mission for the balkans  .
the ageing chairman of the hanbo business group was released `` temporarily '' from jail here thursday and rushed to hospital for treatment , prosecutors said  .
a congressional panel early thursday cleared president ernesto samper of charges that he accepted millions of dollars from a drug cartel to fund his  election campaign  .
a member of the palestinian militant group hamas was shot dead thursday after stabbing two elderly israeli settlers in the volatile west bank town of hebron , a military official said  .
south africa won the toss and elected to bat in the third test between south africa and england at kingsmead here thursday  .
us president bill clinton will announce  million dollars in immediate aid for bosnia-hercegovina during his speech at the ceremony signing the us-brokered peace accords here thursday , the white house announced  .
botafogo beat santos - in front of , at the maracana in the first leg of the brazilian football championship here on wednesday  .
here are the main points of the bosnian peace agreement to be signed here thursday between serbia , croatia and bosnia-hercegovina  .
south korea 's ruling party on thursday rejected an opposition call for a political truce , and vowed to push on with its drive to uncover corruption under past military-backed regimes  .
pakistan has extradited an egyptian with canadian nationality suspected of involvement in the bombing of the egyptian embassy in islamabad , the daily al-hayat reported thursday  .
the united nations expressed `` regret '' late wednesday after the united states criticised un leader boutros boutros-ghali for his reluctance to send un troops to oversee the return to croatian control of the serb-held region of eastern slavonia  .
the franc rose in early trading on thursday on the first signs of cracks in the transport strike which has severely disrupted the french economy for three weeks  .
chinese and british officials met here thursday to discuss the ceremonies marking hong kong 's return to china in  , the first time the two sides have officially discussed how to mark the event  .
thai protocol officials had red faces thursday -- to match the color of the khmer rouge flag which was mistakenly raised ahead of the arrival of the cambodian co-prime ministers at government house  .
a car caught fire outside the office of thai premier banharn silpa - archa here thursday , setting off a momentary security scare on the sidelines of the asean summit , witnesses said  .
jordan 's king hussein called for a change in iraqi president saddam hussein 's government which he denounced as unfair , repressive and selfish , in an interview published here thursday  .
police praised dutch and irish soccer fans on thursday after a successful dress rehearsal for the european championships in england next summer  .
un envoy for former yugoslavia , kofi annan , thursday canceled a planned visit to the northern bosnian town of tuzla because of `` bad weather '' a un official said  .
points on the cac  index on thursday  .
the comprehensive peace pact to be signed in paris on thursday will end three and a half years of almost uninterrupted fighting that has caused hundreds of thousands of casualties and displaced millions of people  .
china on thursday lashed out at the united states for criticising its jailing of dissident wei jingsheng , slamming washington 's protests as `` malicious '' and perilous to bilateral ties  .
bad weather or engine failure caused the crash of a romanian plane which killed all  people aboard in northern italy , romanian aviation authorities said thursday  .
eleven us military officers have been allowed to search in western iraq for the  of the first us pilot shot down during the  gulf war , the new york times said thursday  .
french foreign minister herve de charette said thursday that france would not allow the nato force implementing the peace in bosnia to be made to look ridiculous as un troops sometimes were  .
some  chechen separatists launched an attack on russian forces in gudermes in eastern chechnya thursday after a group of separatists had seized a nearby hospital , interfax news agency reported , citing the russian military command  .
turkish security forces put down a riot at a prison in eastern istanbul overnight , but suffered several casualties , the anatolia news agency reported thursday  .
plo leader yasser arafat was set to register here thursday as a candidate for the post of president of the palestinian executive authority in self-rule elections on january   .
french automaker psa peugeot-citroen has signed a contract with malaysian and vietnamese partners to assemble vehicles at a  - million-dollar plant in hanoi , a statement said thursday  .
scoreboard at lunch on the first day of the third test between south africa and england at kingsmead here thursday  .
south africa were reeling at  for three at lunch on the first day of the third test against england at kingsmead here thursday  .
syria said the chance for a peace deal with israel has `` never been so great '' as it waited for us secretary of state warren christopher to bring new israeli proposals to damascus on thursday  .
a suspected terrorist , recently extradited to new york for alleged involvement in a bombing plot against us airlines , was in the philippines in  , training moslem fundamentalist guerrillas , a filipino intelligence source said here thursday  .
asec , the ivory coast club who broke a north african stranglehold of the african champion 's cup , look set to complete their mission and lift the trophy on saturday  .
a pakistani minister warned here on thursday that extremist filipino moslems may be in moslem guerrilla camps in bosnia training to fight in the conflict-torn country  .
the formal signing ceremony for the bosnian peace accord opened at the elysee palace in paris thursday  .
asante kotoko , the ghanaian club whose supporters rioted after losing at home last weekend , have been banned from playing at their kumasi ground for six consecutive matches , the ghanaian football association -lrb- gfa -rrb- said thursday  .
tanzanian president benjamin mkapa left here thursday morning for the lake victoria town of mwanza in northwest tanzania for talks with rwandan president pasteur bizimungu , official sources said  .
the presidents of bosnia , croatia and serbia signed a peace agreement at the elysee palace in paris thursday to end the -month-old war in bosnia  .
china will begin to cut its ballooning budget deficits in  , the finance minister was quoted thursday as saying , calling on government departments to tighten their belts  .
-lrb- hactl -rrb- unveiled thursday its plan to build a one billion us dollar , state-of-the-art air cargo complex at hong kong 's new airport  .
serial strangler horst david was sentenced to life imprisonment thursday for the murder of seven women between  and   .
china welcomed thursday the signing of the un-brokered bosnian peace accord , calling on the relevant parties to work in `` full earnest '' to implement the agreement and rebuild trust in the region  .
us president bill clinton arrived here thursday where is due to announce  million dollars in immediate aid for bosnia-hercegovina during his speech at the signing of the peace accords here thursday  .
hundreds of chechen separatists attacked russian forces in gudermes in eastern chechnya thursday , killing five federal troops and destroying four armored vehicles , interfax news agency reported , citing the russian military command  .
the ruble fell by nine points to , to the dollar on thursday  .
percent thursday on renewed buying by foreign investors while other asian bourses were mixed , some reporting strong foreign buying and others wallowing amid lacklustre trade  .
the presidents of bosnia , croatia and serbia signed an agreement at the elysee palace here thursday to end the war in bosnia and offer their people what french president jacques chirac called `` a promise of peace  .
a handful of paris metro drivers and provincial railway workers went back to work thursday as france 's transport strike ground into its fourth week  .
russian athlete lyudmila  ,  world  metres hurdles champion , hopes to run for sweden in next summer 's atlanta olympics following the lifting of a four-year drugs ban  .
south african and australia on thursday signed a mutual extradition treaty due to take effect next year , the australian embassy announced here in a statement  .
, the indian arm of britain 's unilever group , plans to form a joint venture with johnson wax of the united states to produce a range of consumer products , a newspaper reported thursday  .
cambodian co-premier prince norodom ranariddh said thursday that hurdles to asean membership were falling fast  .
us president bill clinton paid tribute here thursday to the `` good faith '' of the leaders of bosnia-hercegovina , croatia and serbia and said he believe peace would succeed in the former yugoslavia  .
the bosnian president said peace was a `` bitter pill '' for the bosnian people but there was no room for revenge or vengeance  .
indonesian state secretary murdiono on thursday underlined that a security agreement to be signed with australia next week was not a defense or military pact , the official antara news agency said  .
president bill clinton 's approval rating is higher than ever and he is favored over the republican-led congress in the battle for the budget and over senator bob dole in a presidential race , according to a new york  news poll  .
kenyan police have detained more than , foreigners in the capital nairobi in a crackdown on illegal residents launched a fortnight earlier , the government daily kenya times reported thursday  .
spain 's former rally world champion carlos sainz is set to sign up with ford to drive an escort cosworth next season , spanish press reports said thursday  .
a city in okinawa is considering plans to refuse the renewal of leases on five hectares -lrb-  acres -rrb- of land currently used as an air terminal by us military forces , a local newspaper reported thursday  .
hundreds of chechen separatists attacked russian forces in gudermes in eastern chechnya thursday , killing five federal troops and destroying four armored vehicles , interfax news agency reported , citing the russian military command  .
more than , students and school pupils held a violent demonstration in the niger capital niamey on thursday to claim a year 's arrears in grants  .
a drunken communist deputy was shown on russian state television in a police station shouting abuse , rummaging vainly for an address book and attempting to kiss a policeman  .
percent in october , official figures released by the central statistical office -lrb- cso -rrb- showed on thursday  .
of the united states unveiled its opel astra model here thursday and announced plans to produce , of the premium cars annually with its indian partner  .
hosts south africa complete their  africa nation 's cup preparations here friday with a friendly against three-times world champions germany  .
helicopters shuttled world and balkan leaders to the elysee palace thursday to sign the historic bosnian peace accord while parisians around the capital were stuck in huge traffic jams from a continuing transport strike  .
faction leaders in liberia on thursday said they would co-operate with the african peace-keeping force , ecomog , as it begins nationwide deployment in preparation for the disarming of , armed militiamen in the country  .
kenya 's justice minister has denied charges by amnesty international that the torture of prisoners is widespread , saying that it is not government policy and allegations of the practice are investigated  .
president bill clinton , the last of a dozen world leaders to address the bosnia peace signing ceremony , on thursday urged the people of the war-torn land to take heart from other world trouble-spots and turn `` from hatred to hope  .
israeli prime minister shimon peres telephoned president hosni mubarak on thursday to discuss developments in the peace process , the egyptian news agency mena reported  .
the opposition social democrats called thursday for a judicial inquiry into the role of a top aide to chancellor helmut kohl in the smuggling of weapons-grade plutonium into germany  .
the former financial director of daimler-benz , gerhard liener , was found dead in his home on the shores of bavaria 's  lake thursday after apparently committing suicide , police said  .
president bill clinton , whose administration brokered peace in bosnia , on thursday urged leaders across the balkans to take heart from other former world trouble-spots and turn a page `` from hatred to hope ''  .
shells landed on the government controlled sector of sarajevo city center as the peace signing ceremony was underway in paris , bosnian authorities said thursday  .
`` people must be taught to control themselves , '' he said  .
microsoft supremo bill gates announced thursday a joint venture with us television network nbc to provide -hour  tv news  .
botswana plans to free up exchange controls next year , the main financial advisor in the southern african country 's central bank announced on thursday  .
bad light halted play after only two overs of the final session on the first day of the third test between south africa and england at kingsmead here thursday  .
two men were shot in the legs wednesday night in belfast , in an incident bearing the  of the `` punishment shootings '' of the protestant loyalist paramilitaries , police sources said thursday  .
grenades landed on the government controlled sector of sarajevo city center as the peace signing ceremony was under way in paris but caused no injuries , bosnian authorities said thursday  .
syrian president hafez al-assad sent a bill to parliament on thursday calling for an amnesty for an unspecified number of prisoners , spokesman   said  .
samiha khalil , a -year-old feminist and palestinian rights activist , announced thursday that she will challenge yasser arafat for leadership of the palestinian self-rule authority to be elected next month  .
french rugby union clubs face a hefty tax bill and could even lose their amateur status following a consultant 's report into the tax status of players  .
syrian president hafez al-assad sent a bill to parliament on thursday calling for an amnesty for an unspecified number of prisoners , spokesman   said  .
prince charles , the prince of wales , has sent friends a cheerful christmas card with a picture of himself wearing casual clothes , seated between his two sons who are standing in large flower pots  .
french share prices , already strong in the first part of the thursday session , increased their gains early in the afternoon after the german bundesbank cut two key interest rates , bourse traders said  .
microsoft supremo bill gates said thursday he planned a joint venture with us television network nbc to provide -hour tv news and interactive computer services  .
us secretary of state warren christopher will shuttle twice between syria and israel this weekend in an accelerated effort to revive peace talks between the two countries , israel said thursday  .
london stocks jumped in the first part of the thursday trading session as the footsie index zipped up above its previous all-time closing high , gaining  .
points to stand at , at  gmt as trading continued  .
the rump yugoslavia and bosnia-hercegovina have not yet recognized each other diplomatically but are `` on the verge '' of doing so , white house spokesman mike mccurry said thursday  .
uefa president lennart johansson has indicated that england and scotland will be kept apart in sunday 's euro  draw  .
germany 's free democrats -lrb- fdp -rrb- have disavowed justice minister sabine leutheusser-schnarrenberger and backed a bill allowing police to plant electronic bugs in the homes of suspected criminals , it emerged from a grass-roots consultation of party members thursday  .
russian president boris yeltsin will make a televised speech to the nation on friday , two days before parliamentary elections are held , from a sanatorium where he is recovering from heart trouble , the kremlin said  .
premiership basement club bolton dismissed speculation on thursday that they have made a bid for aberdeen 's highly-rated eoin jess but said they remain in the hunt for sheffield united 's nathan blake  .
jordan 's king hussein , anxious to end a rift with saudi arabia dating back to the  gulf war , said he was ready to visit the country as soon as possible , in an interview published here on thursday  .
the sri lankan army has opened a brigade headquarters in jaffna , two weeks after seizing the town from tamil tiger guerrillas , state-run radio reported thursday  .
the bundesbank made a christmas cut of half a point in its key rates on thursday and fixed a path for a reduction of the repurchase rate into the new year  .
congo and zaire have set up a commission to investigate clashes between their troops last month on m `  island on the congo river which flows between the two countries , a joint statement said thursday  .
world chess champion garry kasparov beat a computer able to analyze  million movements a minute in a chess game , the times newspaper reported thursday  .
israel 's opposition likud party launched an information campaign on thursday against any withdrawal from the golan heights , which syria is demanding in exchange for peace with the jewish state  .
germany 's free democrats -lrb- fdp -rrb- have disavowed justice minister sabine leutheusser-schnarrenberger and backed a bill allowing police to plant electronic bugs in the homes of suspected criminals , it emerged from a grass-roots consultation of party members thursday  .
australia 's shaun creighton and steve moneghetti earned tickets to the atlanta olympics on thursday even though they were well beaten by kenya 's joseph kimani in the zatopek classic , metres  .
sri lanka 's top woman sprinter has been given back the asian athletic championships gold medal taken from her after she failed a dope test , officials said thursday  .
new tanzanian president benjamin mkapa and his rwandan counterpart pasteur bizimungu started talks here on thursday expected to center on the political situation and the rwandan refugee problem  .
percent in november from october , the federal reserve said thursday  .
bosnian president alija izetbegovic on thursday promised us president bill clinton that moslem volunteer units which fought alongside bosnian government forces would soon be dismantled , a us official said  .
egypt on thursday denied a newspaper report that pakistan had extradited an egyptian with canadian nationality suspected of involvement in the bombing of the egyptian embassy in islamabad  .
algerian security forces announced thursday that  islamic militants had been killed over four days in several different raids  .
the international press institute -lrb- ipi -rrb- condemned china 's jailing of dissident wei jingsheng in an open letter to the china 's prime minister li peng , released here thursday  .
russian forces pounded chechen separatists with helicopters and heavy artillery thursday after the rebels stormed into the caucasian republic 's second-biggest town , gudermes  .
leah rabin , the widow of the assassinated israeli prime minister , had a audience with pope john paul ii here thursday in which the pontiff accepted an invitation to visit jerusalem  .
leaders of the militant palestinian group hamas arrived in sudan on thursday to prepare for reconciliation talks in cairo this weekend with yasser arafat 's palestinian authority , a hamas official said  .
plo leader yasser arafat 's spokesman and close advisor , marwan kanafani , registered as a candidate on thursday for the first palestinian elections on january   .
at least  people --  inmates and  members of the security forces -- have been injured in a riot launched by extreme left-wing convicts in an istanbul prison , informed sources said thursday  .
the african peacekeeping force , ecomog , on thursday began deploying throughout rural liberia in preparation for the disarmament of militia , which  regard as the most important component of the liberian peace package  .
a french un helicopter came under fire from bosnian government forces on thursday and had to make a forced landing , a un spokesman said  .
france 's secretary of state for humanitarian action , xavier emmanuelli , arrived in liberia thursday for a three-day working visit which is to include a tour of the war-shattered west african country  .
daimler-benz former financial director gerhard liener was found dead in his home on the shores of bavaria 's  lake on thursday after apparently committing suicide , a few months after having been forced to resign , police said  .
scoreboard at the end of play on the first day of the third test between south africa and england at kingsmead here thursday  .
, the world 's leading software producer , said here thursday they are to set up two joint ventures , a -hour news tv network and an on-line computer service  .
india 's jeev milkha singh overcame illness to hit a faultless seven under par  that gave him the lead after the first round of the philippines classic in manila on thursday  .
jack charlton said on thursday that he will consider the views of irish people before making a decision whether to continue as the republic of ireland manager early in the new year  .
romanian aviation authorities on thursday ruled out an explosion as the cause of a crash that killed all  people aboard a romanian aircraft which crashed near verona in northern italy  .
colin montgomerie went into the johnnie walker world championship at the  club near montego bay on thursday vowing to bury memories of last month 's disastrous million dollar challenge performance in south africa  .
the chinese government 's economic supremo on thursday called for greater efforts to collect back taxes before the end of the year to ensure the annual tax target was met  .
a french un helicopter was hit by gunfire from bosnian government troops on thursday and had to make an emergency landing , a un spokesman said  .
west indies skipper richie richardson is eager to start the world series so his side can end talk of a crisis within the ranks  .
the belgian government said thursday it would send a -strong engineering and mechanical transport battalion to bosnia as part of nato 's peace accord implementation force -lrb- ifor -rrb-  .
justice minister sabine leutheusser-schnarrenberger resigned from the government thursday after members of her free democratic party -lrb- fdp -rrb- disavowed her and approved hi-tech police snooping in the homes of suspected criminals  .
british prime minister john major on thursday called in a tabloid journalist to run the conservative party press office , less than  months from the next general elections  .
turkish prime minister tansu ciller , whose country has just won agreement for a wide-ranging customs union with the european union , is to be in madrid on the second day of an eu summit at the weekend , a french spokeswoman said thursday  .
up to  russian soldiers were killed in clashes thursday with chechen rebels in the town of gudermes in eastern chechnya , the russian interior ministry said  .
at least  people have died from malnutrition and , others are starving to death in refugee camps in the somali capital , the chairman of the camps , ismail abdi aden , said here on thursday  .
turkish president suleyman demirel on thursday hailed the bosnia peace treaty signed in paris , saying he hoped it would contribute to a permanent peace in the balkans  .
at least  people have died from malnutrition and , others are starving to death in refugee camps in the somali capital , the chairman of the camps , ismail abdi aden , said here on thursday  .
the burgeoning ethnic chinese community of canada , mainly immigrants from hong kong , have started bringing in the remains of their dead relatives , canada customs officials said thursday  .
manager jack rowell warned his players against complacency as his new - look england prepared to put an end to a run of three consecutive defeats in saturday 's one-off test against western samoa on saturday  .
the paris bourse rolled up a big gain on thursday as the cac  index finished the day at , .
south africa was ending  on a high note because its economy was beginning to take off , president nelson mandela said thursday  .
manchester city manager alan ball landed denmark 's barcelona striker ronnie ekelund on a two-month loan thursday after failing in his attempt to land team-mate thomas christiansen  .
leading humanitarian aid groups on thursday urged the international community , which had its gaze  on the peace agreement for the former yugoslavia , not to forget the world 's other , less high-profile conflicts  .
the leaders of bosnia , serbia and croatia on thursday condemned grenade attacks that rocked sarajevo at exactly the same time as they signed a historic peace deal in paris  .
percent decline in october , the federal reserve said thursday  .
a skeleton thought to be that of a british woman missing for eight months has been discovered in a game reserve in southeastern burkina faso , officials said thursday  .
billion dollars in the first  months of the year , exceeding the  target , according to customs figures released thursday  .
egypt 's state security court on thursday jailed three islamic militants but acquitted  others , five of whom it said had been tortured in detention  .
privatisation of the gas supply sector in hungary , the largest-scale sales process involving public supplies in eastern europe so far , closed thursday with all the offered stakes gone , officials of the apv rt privatisation agency said  .
russian forces began a heavy artillery bombardment late thursday of the chechen town of gudermes where independence fighters had reportedly seized numerous russian-held buildings  .
the un high commissioner for refugees -lrb- unhcr -rrb- has closed a second camp for somali refugees in kenya and handed over the facility to the kenyan government  .
former premier silvio berlusconi and his rightist alliance announced thursday that they would vote against the government 's budget bill for next year , currently being debated in parliament  .
a five-day conference on aids in africa -- where  million people south of the sahara are carrying the hiv virus -- ended here thursday with a plea for a halt to sexual abuse of women  .
for the first time in nearly five years , consumer prices last month remained unchanged from a month earlier , the labor department reported thursday  .
latvian president guntis ulmanis thursday nominated andris skele , one of the baltic republic 's leading businessmen , to form a new government , officials in the presidency said here  .
bundesbank president hans tietmeyer said thursday that he did not think germany would go into recession next year  .
percent on  european markets for the year 's first  months by comparison with the same period last year , according to provisional figures released on thursday by the european automobile constructors ' association  .
damon hill and his williams-renault teammate jacques villeneuve set the best practice times here thursday , outshining world champion michael   .
the dollar slipped against other major currencies here early thursday on news that us consumer prices held steady in november , reviving speculation of a federal reserve cut in short-term interest rates next week  .
`` once , i would have killed the serbs if only i could get my hands on them but now the only important thing is peace , ''  said  .
million-strong congress of south african trade unions -lrb- cosatu -rrb- thursday threatened a national strike in january over the proposed sale of certain state assets  .
the north atlantic council is to meet friday with officials of non - nato countries contributing to the peace implementation force in bosnia-hercegovina , nato announced here  .
an israeli bomb disposal expert was wounded trying to disarm a device in the east of israel 's self-declared security zone in south lebanon on thursday , security sources said  .
the canadian government promised thursday to crack down on deadbeat canadians and immigrants who agree to sponsor relatives as immigrants and then leave them financially stranded  .
islamic volunteer fighters and bosnian croats clashed in central bosnia thursday resulting in the death of a croat policeman after a car ran through a checkpoint near the town of  un officials said  .
president bill clinton warned serbian president slobodan milosevic thursday that sanctions can be reimposed immediately if the us - brokered peace agreement in the balkans is violated  .
the french franc gained ground on thursday on the london forex market on hopes for a speedy end now to a wave of strikes that have shaken the french economy and due to a reduction the same day of german interest rates , while the lira and the dollar fell against the mark  .
the home of a former railroad contractor was searched in connection with an october crash of an amtrak train that killed one person , the los angeles times reported thursday  .
us president bill clinton left paris for washington thursday evening after attending the signing ceremony of the bosnia peace treaty , orly airport officials said  .
an influenza epidemic sweeping moscow reached a peak thursday with an estimated , people contracting the virus in a single day , russian health authorities said  .
percent in october , the government said thursday  .
paolo cantarella , managing director of fiat group 's auto division -lrb- fiat auto -rrb- , has been named as the next group managing director by the board of directors , informed sources at fiat said in turin on thursday  .
the canadian government announced plans thursday to get out of the commercial shipping business  .
self-styled hardman vinnie jones was told he can leave english premiership side wimbledon six years after he originally quit the ` crazy gang ' for leeds  .
the prince of wales and his estranged wife , princess diana , attended the same reception thursday afternoon , but they arrived separately and the press was not allowed access to the london hotel where a christmas party for their staff was held  .
the french national assembly on thursday approved the proposed finance law -lrb- budget -rrb- for  in the version agreed by an  conference committee , setting the budget deficit at  .
a rwandan hutu refugee organization has accused  officials of the ruling tutsi-led rwandan patriotic front -lrb- rpf -rrb- of committing `` crimes against humanity '' in ethnic violence over the past five years , the organization 's lawyers said thursday  .
saudi arabia pledged  million dollars to aid palestinian refugees as a three-day meeting of donor countries and international organizations ended here thursday  .
finnish telecommunications group nokia announced thursday that it expects its operating profit for the year 's last four months to be `` weaker '' than for the same period last year , which it said had been `` particularly high ''  .
and rump yugoslavia officially recognized one another as separate states thursday , in an agreement struck on the sidelines of the paris peace conference , informed sources said  .
a us team is searching the iraqi desert for the body of a pilot downed during the gulf war in the first trip to the country by us military officials to iraq since the war , the pentagon said thursday  .
sixty-three people were detained in raids on brothels and other premises in a mass night-time sweep against organised prostitution and white slavery in southern germany , police said thursday  .
england captain will carling set a precedent for his colleagues by agreeing to sign his contract with the rugby football union -lrb- rfu -rrb- on thursday  .
scottish rugby football union -lrb-  -rrb- chiefs said thursday that the country 's participation in next season 's european cup will be on a district rather than club basis  .
liverpool legend and record scorer ian rush said thursday he is planning a return to action over the christmas period after undergoing cartilage surgery on his right knee  .
the free democratic party has nominated edzard  as justice minister to replace sabine leutheusser-schnarrenberger who resigned thursday , party officials said  .
the president of the french employers ' association , jean gandois , said in an interview to appear friday in the les echos economic daily that he is opposed to the `` social summit meeting '' proposed by the government to discuss claims made by french unions and workers  .
a committee of the un general assembly thursday overwhelmingly passed a  resolution condemning nigeria 's execution of nine activists last month and requesting an investigation of human rights in that country  .
in a bid to slow normalization with vietnam , a us legislator charged thursday that hanoi could `` unilaterally '' resolve the fate of  americans missing since the vietnam war  .
million us -rrb- contract to update the use and allocation of radio frequencies of  telecom malaysia  .
ukrainian president leonid kuchma said in london thursday that he had `` every hope '' that a deal on the closure of the chernobyl nuclear power station would be reached by the end of this year  .
a former local government official and diamond magnate has `` defected '' to sierra leone 's military junta three years after he was abducted by rebels of the revolutionary united front , state radio announced thursday  .
and rump yugoslavia officially recognized one another as separate states thursday , in an agreement struck on the sidelines of the paris peace conference , informed sources said  .
canada established diplomatic relations thursday with bosnia - hercegovina as balkan leaders signed a formal peace treaty ending more than three years of war  .
canada 's bank of nova scotia announced plans thursday to buy variable - rate debentures expiring october  ,  , worth some  million pounds sterling  .
egyptian president hosni mubarak on thursday threw his support behind the construction of a bridge that conservationists and some of his ministers have warned will threaten important pharaonic sites at luxor  .
a moslem militant wounded in a shootout with the egyptian security services in november has died in a cairo prison hospital from his injuries , police said thursday  .
the dollar dropped sharply thursday against other major currencies here due to a lowering of german interest rates and speculation the us federal reserve might follow suit  .
the state department dispatched its top official for asian affairs to the chinese embassy here to press for the release of jailed chinese dissident wei jingsheng , a spokesman said thursday  .
us president bill clinton left paris for washington thursday evening after attending the signing ceremony of the bosnia peace treaty , orly airport officials said  .
polish president lech walesa will not attend the inauguration of his successor aleksander kwasniewski on december  , the outgoing leader said thursday  .
the leaders of bosnia , serbia and croatia on thursday condemned grenade attacks that rocked sarajevo an hour after they signed a peace deal in paris , according to a statement released by the french government  .
peter graf , the father of tennis star steffi graf , claims he had official approval from the german finance ministry not to pay his daughter 's full share of taxes  .
indigenous people in northern canada and alaska were granted permission thursday to hunt ducks and geese year-round after canada and the united states approved changes to a -year-old treaty  .
double formula one world champion michael schumacher , european swimming champion franziska van almsick and the borussia dortmund soccer team have been voted germany 's sports personalities of the year  .
the leaders of serbia , croatia and bosnia-hercegovina signed a major peace agreement here thursday in a move hailed by world leaders as a step towards ending europe 's worst conflict since world war ii  .
the contents of jacqueline kennedy 's new york apartment will be put up for sale at an `` historic '' auction at sotheby 's next year , the firm announced thursday  .
indy-car and its new rival , the indy racing league -lrb- irl -rrb- , released their  schedules thursday , setting up a civil war between the us racing circuit 's top drivers and its richest race  .
a former chief of israel 's internal security agency , the shin beth , has admitted ordering the execution of two palestinians arrested for hijacking a bus , according to a book about to be published  .
georgia state officials have sent the international equestrian federation a strict quarantine plan that would allow horses with a  disease to compete at the  olympics  .
wheat prices dropped thursday on the chicago futures market , while corn and soy products prices rose  .
juventus face a key test of their mettle this weekend , when the italian champions try to get their title campaign back on track against roy hodgson 's inter milan  .
the buffalo bills can clinch the national football league 's american conference title for the sixth time in eight years here sunday with a victory over floundering miami  .
us secretary of state warren christopher arrived here late thursday at the start of a new round of shuttle diplomacy between syria and israel to revive peace talks between the two countries  .
pakistan won the toss and elected to bat in their first one-day cricket match against new zealand here friday  .
morocco on thursday lifted a five-year house arrest imposed on islamic leader abdessalam yassine at sale , near here , after he criticized the moroccan regime  .
the united states and ukraine struck an accord on kiev 's participation in the commercial satellite market , us trade representative mickey kantor said thursday  .
a un general assembly committee thursday passed a resolution expressing outrage over abuses in the former yugoslavia , condemning the destruction of homes , mass murder and rape that have typified four years of war  .
the board of governors of the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- began two days of meetings here thursday by extending gary bettman 's term as commissioner  .
egypt 's official news agency mena signed a two-million dollar deal thursday with  , the computer research subsidiary of afp , to computerize its editorial department  .
the us senate unanimously passed a resolution urging china to support the dalai lama 's choice of a new panchen lama -- the second-highest leader of tibetan buddhism -- rather than the boy beijing has enthroned  .
in a promising development for treating drug addicts , us researchers say they have for the first time found a way to immunize rats against some stimulant effects of cocaine  .
a us-led consortium supplying pyongyang with two light-water nuclear reactors in exchange for having it stop its existing nuclear program confirmed that it will sign an agreement friday with north korea 's government  .
the buffalo bills can clinch the national football league 's -lrb- nfl 's -rrb- conference title for the sixth time in eight years here sunday with a victory over floundering miami  .
ricky  , former swedish olympic men 's discus bronze medal winner , was hurt in a letter bomb attack here thursday  .
traders sold greenbacks thursday on a confirmation that the bundesbank had lowered german rates , and speculated that the federal reserve might follow suit at a december  meeting , driving the dollar down  .
serbian president slobodan milosevic on thursday told fearful serbs in sarajevo districts planned to return under bosnian government administration that they should not fear for their future  .
the italian government on thursday banned smoking in public places like schools , universities and public agencies and offenders will be fined , officials said  .
brighton failed to take their chances and paid the penalty when they were beaten by visiting fulham in a penalty shoot-out in thursday 's home fa cup second-round replay  .
the security council was expected to give a formal green light friday to deployment of a nato-led peacekeeping force in bosnia , western diplomats said after council consultations  .
morocco on thursday lifted a six-year house arrest order imposed on abdessalam yassine , an islamic leader and critic of the regime of king hassan ii , at sale , near here  .
forty-three political parties and movements are in the running for russia 's parliamentary elections sunday , but less than a dozen are expected to break through the five-percent barrier needed to gain seats in the state duma -lrb- lower house -rrb-  .
for at least five of russia 's top political leaders , sunday 's legislative elections are considered a warm-up for the presidential elections set for next june  .
- yen here in early morning trading friday , down from  .
share prices opened marginally lower on the tokyo stock exchange on friday , with the nikkei stock average falling  .
spanish prime minister and current eu president felipe gonzalez warned thursday that a european union summit opening friday in madrid would be difficult and said a positive outcome could not be assured  .
former heavyweight champion mike tyson will be giving away five pounds when he steps into the ring for his  saturday showdown with unbeaten buster mathis junior  .
norway , russia and the united states have reached agreement on a plan to build a nuclear waste treatement plant at murmansk in northwestern russia , the norwegian foreign ministry said thursday  .
a senate committee rejected a compromise with the white house thursday , voting to give president bill clinton 's former lawyer until friday to turn over subpoenaed whitewater documents  .
the leaders of the european union were due to meet here later friday for a summit that will put the final touches to plans to create a single currency by the end of the century , and also consider plans to expand the union eastwards  .
english premiership side manchester city look likely to sign barcelona midfielder ronnie ekelund   .
robin cousins made his farewell to competitive skating with a string of perfect sixes at the nutrasweet professional challenge of champions at the london arena on thursday  .
the security council was expected to give a formal green light friday to deployment of a nato-led peacekeeping force in bosnia , western diplomats said after council consultations  .
pakistan reached  for nine in their  overs in friday 's first one - day cricket international against new zealand here  .
a passenger train slammed into a car on a railroad crossing in louisiana thursday , killing all five people in the vehicle , police said  .
the french government hopes to earn  billion francs -lrb- eight billion dollars -rrb- through privatizations in  after taking in  billion francs -lrb- four billion dollars -rrb- this year  .
floods and mudslides spawned by torrential rains killed at least  people thursday in belo horizonte and other cities in the northwestern brazilian state of minas gerais , civil defense officials said  .
cambodia 's most prominent dissident lashed out friday against second prime minister hun sen , calling his recent complaints about foreign inteference in cambodia `` irresponsible '' and `` destructive  .
robin cousins made his farewell to competitive skating with a string of perfect sixes at the nutrasweet professional challenge of champions at the london arena on thursday  .
share prices were lower on the tokyo stock exchange on friday morning , due to futures-led selling and light profit-taking following strong gains earlier in the week , brokers said  .
former world heavyweight champion mike tyson will be giving away five pounds when he steps into the ring for his  saturday showdown with unbeaten buster mathis junior  .
brighton failed to take their chances and paid the penalty when they were beaten by visiting fulham in a penalty shoot-out in thursday 's home fa cup second-round replay  .
a mother and son have been arrested in connection with the poisoning deaths of  people and more than , animals in southern china 's guangdong province , reports said friday  .
south korea 's constitution court cleared the way friday for enactment of a special law to punish former generals-turned-presidents chun doo - hwan and roh tae-woo in the  massacre in kwangju  .
mao xinyu , the grandson of china 's chairman mao zedong , has released his first album of songs dedicated to the memory of his famous ancestor  .
asean will review a diplomatic document to accomodate concerns of the big five nuclear powers who were asked to back a treaty banning nuclear weapons in southeast asia , a minister said friday  .
heads of government from the  nations of southeast asia opened a ground-breaking summit here friday to determine the direction of regional cooperation  .
the son of a top chinese official has urged hong kong to stand up against interference from beijing after the territory reverts to chinese rule in  , a report said friday  .
china has reportedly signed its first agreement to raise overseas funds through structured trade financing , with syndicated loans from foreign banks to fund the construction and export of a ,-tonne ship  .
a widely anticipated and rare drop in interim net profit for australia 's largest company , bhp co .
china is to launch an -billion-dollar nationwide campaign in  to tackle `` serious '' pollution , with more than , projects focusing on the effects of rapid industrialisation , xinhua said friday  .
china is to launch an -billion-dollar nationwide campaign in  to tackle `` serious '' pollution , with more than , projects focusing on the effects of rapid industrialisation , xinhua said friday  .
pakistan scored a  run win over new zealand in a low scoring one day international here friday  .
the head of the kurdistan workers ' party -lrb- pkk -rrb- on thursday announced a unilateral ceasefire in the separatist movement 's war with turkish security forces , a statement from the kurdish information center said  .
thirteen people , including four women , were executed friday in the southern chinese city of shenzhen for killing  lorry drivers in a series of highway robberies  .
the first french high speed train to run on a domestic route in three weeks left here early friday en route for paris 's charles de gaulle airport with a dozen passengers aboard  .
investigators have converged on a chilean army installation near here after the remains of three people were found buried there  .
malaysia 's first futures exchange began trading friday after a troubled start-up period with exchange officials saying its many postponements had served to fine-tune the system to more rigorous standards  .
perent lower friday , with the nikkei stock average pressured by light futures-led selling and modest profit-taking following recent gains , brokers said  .
armed with court warrants , south korean prosecutors on friday started searching more than  bank accounts believed to hold part of a secret fund stashed away by former president chun doo-hwan , the prosecution said  .
the dollar traded in a narrow range here friday , with investors awaiting a us federal reserve policy-making meeting outcome tuesday to give the market fresh direction , dealers said  .
president kim young-sam on friday named lee soo-sung as the next prime minister of south korea , succeeding premier lee hong-koo , in a move heralding a major cabinet reshuffle  .
perent lower on friday , pressured by light futures-led selling and modest profit-taking following recent gains , brokers said  .
has decided to pull out of a proposed  .
million us dollar -rrb- deal to run xiamen airport in southeastern coastal china 's fujian province , the firm 's spokesman said friday  .
president kim young-sam on friday named academic lee soo-sung as the next prime minister of south korea , succeeding premier lee hong-koo , in a move heralding a major cabinet reshuffle  .
chechen separatist fighters on friday occupied several buildings in the town of urus-martan , southwest of the chechen capital grozny , the russian news agency interfax reported  .
france 's central bank , the banque de france , on friday lowered its key rate , the intervention rate , by  .
the israeli army has asked to delay its scheduled withdrawal from bethlehem on monday , which could endanger plans to hold the first christmas celebrations in the biblical town under palestinian rule , a military official said  .
plans to build a new consumer electronics assembly plant in vietnam to meet soaring demand and will make a final decision on the new factory by april , a company official said friday  .
japanese international trade and industry minister ryutaro hashimoto said friday he would attend a trade ministers ' meeting in the united states in january , paving the way for a possible meeting with president bill clinton  .
the first high-speed tgv train to be put back into service after a crippling three-week rail strike was blocked friday by drivers in the station at roissy-charles de gaulle airport outside paris  .
about  demonstrators brought traffic on a bangkok highway to a halt for an hour friday as they appealed to asean leaders to heed the plight of the poor in their drive for regional development  .
palestinian leader yasser arafat arrived in nablus on friday for the first time since israeli troops withdrew from the largest west bank town earlier this week after  years of occupation  .
mao xinyu , the grandson of china 's chairman mao zedong , has released his first album of songs dedicated to the memory of his famous ancestor  .
percent lower friday as investors took profits , dealers said  .
a militant hindu leader who wields enormous clout in the western indian state of maharashtra has asked the us-based enron corp .
to behave or face the scrapping of its power project , a newspaper reported friday  .
the french franc rose against the mark early on friday after the bank of france had cut a key intervention rate and amid signs of cracks in a three-week-old railway strike here  .
a majority of israelis are opposed to giving up the whole of the strategic golan heights in exchange for full peace with syria , two opinion polls showed friday  .
percent friday on profit-taking , with sentiment undermined by overnight falls on wall street  .
the israeli army has asked to delay its scheduled withdrawal from bethlehem on monday , which could endanger plans to hold the first christmas celebrations in the biblical town under palestinian rule , a military official said  .
political turmoil in south korea deepened friday as opposition leader kim dae-jung vowed to `` fight to the end '' against president kim young - sam , accusing him of  to reshape the political landscape  .
an ethnic korean sports leader expressed pessimism friday about north korea 's participation in the atlanta summer olympics , despite efforts to coax the diehard communist state back to international sport  .
partial rail service resumed in northern france and a few subway trains were running in paris friday , signaling a further slight easing of france 's transport strike as it entered its fourth week  .
bosnian serb military commander ratko mladic was present in the operating theater when two french pilots had surgery for broken legs after their plane was shot down over bosnia , one of them said in an interview published friday  .
the bank of france cut its tender intervention rate by a quarter of a point to  .
percent on friday despite the strains of nationwide strikes , and saw the franc rise  .
jean-marc bosman 's successful action has opened up a pandora 's box after the european court ruled in the belgian player 's favor on the transfer system here on friday  .
jean-marc bosman 's successful action has opened up a pandora 's box after the european court of justice ruled in the belgian player 's favor on the transfer system here on friday  .
president nelson mandela arrived here friday for talks with zulu traditional leaders in a fresh bid to resolve a long-standing dispute on who should pay the salaries of tribal chiefs  .
beijing authorities have ordered communist party and municipal officials to tone down new year celebrations to counter public discontent over profligate waste in previous years , the people 's daily said friday  .
china 's top family planning official has called for greater efforts to integrate measures to curb growth of the vast population with those to promote rural development , the people 's daily said friday  .
lee soo-sung , the bespectacled academic appointed south korea 's new prime minister friday , is an expert on criminal sociology chosen to steer the ruling party through political turmoil  .
us secretary of state warren christopher met president hafez al-assad of syria here on friday to brief him on a set of israeli proposals to unblock their deadlocked peace negotiations  .
scoreboard at lunch on the second day of the third test between south africa and england at kingsmead here friday  .
chinese dissident yang jing , who was detained wednesday in beijing near the court where  wei jingsheng was jailed for  years for subversion , was released late thursday  .
a stubborn rearguard action for south africa 's th wicket by shaun pollock and allan donald salvaged some pride on the second day of the third test against england at kingsmead here friday  .
russian forces searching for three fighter jets that crashed on approached to cam ranh bay military base have yet to find any trace of wreckage , a spokesman for the russian embassy here said friday  .
dozens of israel 's leading rabbis said it would be legal for jews to take up arms against any plan to withdraw from the golan heights in exchange for peace with syria in a declaration published friday  .
percent in early trading on friday after the bank of france had cut its tender rate by  .
chechen separatists on friday took complete control of the town of urus-martan , southwest of the chechen capital grozny , an afp correspondent in the town reported  .
the price of shares in finnish telecommunications group nokia fell by  percent to  finnish marks in early trading on friday , following a fall on thursday in response to a profits warning  .
some  inmates were still holed up in a section of an istanbul jail friday but authorities said the mutiny by far-left militants was being contained by  forces  .
north korea has deployed some  military aircraft in a forward movement that puts some  of its bombers just a five-minute flight from seoul , south korea 's intelligence agency said here friday  .
air traffic controllers in some regions of russia went on an indefinite strike friday , a senior union leader told moscow echo radio  .
asean is to promote `` economic linkages '' with burma , cambodia and laos to help them make the transition to market economies before they , too , join the southeast asian grouping  .
the united states is still hopeful of a modified side protocol that would enable it to endorse the birth of an historic south east asian nuclear free zone , a senior us official said here friday  .
lebanon 's national carrier middle east airlines -lrb- mea -rrb- and malaysian airways have signed an agreement to set up a twice weekly service between beirut and kuala lumpur from january , mea said  .
london stocks jumped to a new all-time high early friday , underpinned by falling interest rates across europe and gains in the broadcasting sector after proposals to relax tv ownership laws in britain  .
the citizens of the european union will never accept a single currency unless member states act together to cut the union 's massive dole queue , eu leaders were warned here on friday  .
japanese share prices slipped friday in line with most major asian bourses which reported investors locking away profits after recent gains , brokers said  .
north korea is planning to send its first batch of professional boxers abroad , indicating it is not seeking isolation in sports , despite reports that it may stay away from the atlanta olympics next year  .
the indian parliament adjourned in bedlam for an eighth straight day on friday amid opposition charges of government corruption and incompetence in the privatisation of the telecommunications sector  .
the trial of former italian premier giulio andreotti for alleged collusion with the mafia resumed here friday , with the defendant present in court for the testimony of a key witness  .
the  nations of southeast asia friday signed a landmark treaty to ban nuclear weapons from their zone  .
the volume of orders placed ith german industry fell by  .
percent in october from the figure for september , provisional and  -  figures from the economy ministry showed on friday  .
palestinian leader yasser arafat officially announced his candidature on friday for president of a new self-rule government before tens of thousands of cheering followers in the largest west bank town of nablus  .
a plea for calm was the message from the english football association friday following the verdict on the transfer system by the european court of justice in luxembourg  .
the  nations of southeast asia friday signed a landmark treaty to ban nuclear weapons from their zone  .
an underground islamic militant group on friday threatened reprisals against pakistan if it extradites more moslem fundamentalists to egypt  .
bosnian serb leader radovan karazdic on friday ordered the state of war to be lifted all over the self-proclaimed serb republic in bosnia , with the exception of the parts of sarajevo due to be returned to bosnian government control , the agency srna reported  .
the asia-europe summit in bangkok next march will involve `` leaders only '' in order to promote rapport among the  heads of government attending , singapore prime minister goh chok tong said friday  .
chen  , china 's national swimming coach , has officially retired after seven years of record feats marred in part by doping scandals  .
rwanda has assured tanzania that it is ready to receive its nationals who have been living as refugees here and in uganda and zaire following ethnic carnage in their own country last year  .
spanish driver carlos sainz , a twice world rally champion , revealed here on friday he will race a ford escort cosworth in the  championship  .
anti-german feelings are running high in central norway where a local town council tried to bar a german citizen from buying a cottage  .
the asia-europe summit in bangkok next march will involve `` leaders - only '' in order to promote rapport among the  heads of government taking part , singapore prime minister goh chok tong said friday  .
partial rail service resumed in northern france and several subway trains were running in paris friday , signaling a further slight easing of france 's transport strike as it entered its fourth week  .
jean-marc bosman 's successful lawsuit has opened up a pandora 's box after the european court of justice ruled in the belgian player 's favor on the transfer system here on friday  .
south korean prosecutors friday started searching  bank accounts suspected to contain part of huge slush fund held by former president chun doo-hwan , as chun weakened on the th day of a prison hunger strike , officials said  .
cambodian police have arrested seven suspected khmer rouge terrorists who were allegedly planning to hurl grenades at foreign embassies and political party offices , police and government officials said friday  .
mcleod continued his youth policy as he looked to his partick thistle predecessor in his efforts to pull his side clear of the bottom of the premier division  .
the new european currency is set to be called the `` euro '' after france announced friday it would not oppose the name if all the other european union states agreed  .
bosnian serb leader radovan karazdic on friday ordered the state of war to be lifted all over the self-proclaimed serb republic in bosnia , with the exception of the parts of sarajevo due to be returned to bosnian government control , the agency srna reported  .
cambodia 's king norodom sihanouk declared himself `` completely satisfied '' with his first visit to vietnam in two decades which the neighbors have declared an important step in their often troubled relations  .
italy 's caretaker government was assured friday it would win a vote of confidence which it moved in order to speed up passage of a finance bill by the lower house of parliament  .
the mark held firm on the european currency markets friday morning , while the french franc remained tied to a possible end to the strikes after traders responded well to an interest rate reduction by the banque de france  .
the british government 's rail privatisation plans were thrown into disarray friday , after a group committed to maintaining a  railway network won a crucial appeal court ruling  .
a senior sri lankan cricket official has slammed the handling of an alleged ball-tampering incident during last week 's first cricket test against australia in perth  .
senior commanders in nato 's implementation force -lrb- ifor -rrb- prepared friday for their first meeting with their counterparts from bosnia 's three fighting forces , nato officials said  .
leaders of the seven-member association of southeast asian nations -lrb- asean -rrb- adopted friday a declaration to enhance political , security and economic cooperation at the end of their two-day summit  .
the single european currency will be called the euro , leaders of the european union agreed on friday , spanish finance minister pedro solbes said  .
foreign portfolio investments on indian bourses fell sharply in november , according to figures released here friday by the capital markets regulator , the securities and exchange board of india -lrb- sebi -rrb-  .
asean leaders friday signed framework agreements to liberalise the lucrative services sector , promote intellectual property cooperation and accelerate the creation of a free trade area before   .
president bill clinton , in a bid to dispel notions that he is soft on drugs , will require all federal detainees be tested for drugs as a condition of bail , the washington post said friday  .
several hundred israeli peace activists rallied on friday in front of the home of prime minister shimon peres to express their support for him  .
brazilian president fernando henrique cardoso arrived here friday for a two-day visit to promote business links with china 's leading economic center  .
israeli president ezer weizman will pay an official visit to germany from january  to  , the german presidency said friday  .
the mother of wang dan , one of the student leaders of the  democracy movement in beijing , denied friday that her son was involved in any anti-government plot with dissident wei jingsheng  .
the bank of france , in a striking tour de force , pulled a quarter - point rate cut out of national crisis on friday and was rewarded by a rise of the franc  .
prime minister shimon peres held intensive discussions with his senior political and military aides friday ahead of us secretary of state warren christopher 's arrival for talks on the israeli-syrian peace process  .
india dismissed as `` highly speculative '' on friday a us newspaper report suggesting that the country was making preparations for its first nuclear test in more than two decades  .
senior commanders in the nato-led peace implementation force in bosnia were preparing friday for their first meeting with top brass from bosnia 's three warring factions , nato officials said  .
england batsman john crawley will undergo a medical examination for a hamstring injury before batting in the third test against south africa here , it was announced friday  .
the un world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- on friday ruled out the risk of an ebola fever epidemic in ivory coast and liberia , but has sent experts to angola where two suspect cases have been reported  .
a south african support group for pro-democracy and human rights activists in nigeria called friday for a boycott of shell filling stations next week in protest at the company 's operations there  .
britain 's industrial conglomerate trafalgar house on friday announced yearly pre-tax losses of  million pounds -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- for the  financial year , after a profit of  million pounds last year  .
percent in november , the state statistics office reported friday  .
the frankfurt stock market slipped slightly on friday as the dax index finished at , .
a company of gurkhas , the renowned nepalese mountain troops , will join other nato troops in bosnia , the first time they have seen action since the falklands war in  , army officials announced friday  .
a relieved jean-marc bosman recognized his court victory had been a historic day for football here on friday  .
the international commission established to rid northern ireland of its paramilitary weapons began work in belfast on friday after a meeting with britain 's northern ireland secretary sir patrick mayhew  .
us secretary of state warren christopher said he made `` substantial progress '' in talks here friday with president hafez al-assad on ways to revive syrian-israeli peace negotiations  .
jean  , president of the french national railway company sncf , proposed friday to resign `` when traffic resumes '' following transport strikes that have shaken france for more than three weeks  .
the toll rose to  russian soldiers killed and  wounded in fighting with chechen rebels in the town of gudermes , the russian interior ministry said friday  .
traffic jams virtually paralysed major italian cities friday , as metro , bus and tram drivers , demanding pay rises , held a day-long strike  .
a decision on whether to free peter graf , imprisoned since the beginning of august for tax fraud , will be made on tuesday , according to mannheim lawyers on friday  .
the moslem enclave of gorazde in eastern bosnia will fall under the control of italian troops of the nato-led peace implementation force , italian chief of staff admiral guido venturoni said friday  .
million dollar -rrb- contract to modernize mozambique 's telephone system , the company said in maputo friday  .
nigerian politicians meeting here to discuss ending military rule pressed on friday for the release of detained opposition leader moshood abiola and other political prisoners  .
syria and israel have agreed to resume peace talks without conditions , a senior us official said here friday after talks between secretary of state warren christopher and syrian president hafez al-assad  .
the british government presented legislation on friday to ease ownership restrictions in terrestrial broadcasting and map out the country 's entry into the digital broadcasting era by the end of the century  .
the israeli army declared the west bank town of qalqilya a closed military zone on friday , two days before its scheduled withdrawal as part of the accord to extend palestinian autonomy , an official said  .
a majority of railwaymen voted on friday to suspend a strike paralysing french railways since november  , the cgt railwaymen 's trade union said  .
security has been intensified in the sri lankan capital of colombo and its suburbs amid fears of revenge attacks by separatist tamil tigers , the state-radio said friday  .
participants in a conference examining the russian army 's role in chechnya accused russian police on friday of using kgb tactics after they prevented a chechen mp from attending the hearings here  .
major currencies consolidated their positions in the first part of the friday trading session on the london forex market as operators observed the european union summit meeting in madrid and  caution , as usual , ahead of the weekend  .
a majority of railwaymen voted on friday to suspend the strike paralysing french railways since november  , the cgt railway worker 's trade union said  .
vietnam friday joined a mechanism initiated by its more prosperous counterparts in the association of southeast asian nations -lrb- asean -rrb- to liberalise trade and create a free trade area  .
a us-led consortium and north korea signed an accord here friday for the supply of two light-water nuclear reactors to pyongyang in a deal involving a halt to north korea 's existing nuclear program  .
germany 's katja seizinger won the two-run downhill here on friday for her first world cup victory of the season , and th ever downhill win  .
play on the second day of the third test between south africa and england was halted with  overs left of scheduled play at kingsmead here friday  .
turkey and the united states have `` technical differences '' over the post-gulf war operation to protect the kurds of northern iraq , a turkish military commander said friday  .
the world health organisation friday launched an international study to isolate the origin of the deadly ebola virus , which has claimed some  lives in zaire this year  .
italy 's caretaker government won a confidence vote in the chamber of deputies on friday afternoon on an initial amendment to the budget bill for  , a parliamentary source said  .
nearly  million people in the world , including two thirds in africa , were carrying the hiv virus at the end of  , according to revised figures published by the world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- friday  .
israel prevented some  jordanian dignitaries from entering the west bank on friday to take part in celebrations in the newly-autonomous town of nablus , a jordanian official said  .
trading opened on an up note on wall street friday , while investors shuffled their portfolios in advance of the quarterly expiration of futures and options contracts  .
the international commission established to rid northern ireland of its paramilitary weapons began work in belfast friday after a meeting with britain 's northern ireland secretary sir patrick mayhew  .
the white house said friday it was prepared to work out a last-minute budget deal with the republican majority as time was running out to avert a government shutdown  .
a court on friday backed the spanish government in its refusal to turn over intelligence files to the judge investigating the state-sponsored `` dirty war '' against basque separatists , officials said  .
scoreboard at the close of play on the second day of the third test between south africa and england at kingsmead here friday  .
a decision by britain not to join a european single currency will not affect ireland 's determination to be in the first wave of countries moving to monetary union , irish finance minister ruairi quinn said friday  .
croatian president franjo tudjman on friday rejected un proposals to deploy a large multinational force in eastern slavonia , his country 's last region under rebel serb control , as `` totally unacceptable  .
austrian airlines -lrb- aua -rrb- said friday that it intends to order two a- airbuses for its long-haul flights  .
the czech republic on friday handed back to slovakia a disputed gothic  which the slovaks claim as a national symbol , ending a three-year quarrel over ownership rights  .
a team of senior officials sent by carl bildt , the high representative for peace implementation , arrived in sarajevo friday to initiate talks on confidence-building measures in the bosnian capital  .
swiss police on friday freed paulina  , sister-in-law of former mexican president carlos salinas , a month after she was detained as part of an investigation into drugs trafficking  .
a us-led consortium and north korea signed an accord here friday for the supply of two light-water nuclear reactors to pyongyang in a deal involving a halt to its suspected nuclear weapons program  .
south korea hailed the signing of an agreement between north korea and a us-led international consortium to build new reactors for pyongyang as a concrete step toward securing nuclear transparency in the north  .
the white house warned friday that nuclear tests by india could shake up the regional balance and doom the chances of a global test ban treaty amid reports that new delhi was set to explode its first nuclear bomb in over  years  .
shares of finish telecommunications group nokia plunged again in spectacular fashion on the helsinki stock market on friday , ending the day with a loss of around  finnish marks -lrb-  .
in rapid order , mcmillan -lrb-  -rrb- , rhodes -lrb-  -rrb- , dave richardson -lrb-  -rrb- and craig matthews for a duck were on their way back to the pavilion  .
top model claudia schiffer on friday warned against going to paris , where conditions were `` terrible '' due to a crippling transport strike , forcing her to spend several hours every morning stuck in traffic  .
us forces setting up a command base for , us gis due in bosnia , called off plans to fly  planes with men and equipment into the base here friday because of bad weather , the commander of air operations said  .
world number one steffi graf pulled out of january 's australian open tennis championships on friday because of a foot injury  .
chechen separatists and pro-russian chechen militiamen faced each other in a tense standoff in the town of urus-martan friday after the rebels claimed that they had seized control there  .
european football 's governing body uefa revealed the venues for its two most prestigious club competitions on friday  .
a senate committee voted friday to ask the full senate to enforce a subpoena for notes of a november  meeting among aides of president bill clinton  .
french foreign minister herve de charette will visit israel and the palestinian territories between december  and  for talks on the peace process in the region , a ministry spokesman said  .
palestinian leader yasser arafat chaired a meeting of his self-rule cabinet in the newly-autonomous west bank town of nablus on friday , on his first visit after  years of israeli occupation  .
the football world reacted with fury friday after the european court of justice ruled that the existing transfer system of players between clubs was illegal  .
the un general assembly decided exceptionally friday to cancel nearly  million dollars in unpaid dues accumulated by south africa over  years  .
chancellor helmut kohl 's trusted aide bernd schmidbauer rejected friday as `` absurd '' accusations that he helped stage the illegal import into germany of weapons-grade plutonium and hit back at what he said were `` manipulated '' press reports  .
us secretary of state warren christopher arrived here friday after announcing `` substantial progress '' in the israeli-syrian peace process following talks in damascus with syria 's president hafez al-assad  .
a court here on friday annulled the election of a far-right national front member as mayor of the mediterranean naval base of toulon and banned him from holding public office for a year  .
former scotland skipper david sole has been suspended until the end of the season for bringing the game into disrepute  .
the effect of more than three weeks of strikes in france , which now seem to be winding down , on french companies and economic growth will be felt into the first quarter next year and perhaps until mid- , employers and economists say  .
a senate committee voted friday to ask the full senate to enforce a subpoena for notes of a november  meeting among aides of president bill clinton  .
italy 's caretaker government won a second confidence vote friday on a second amendment to the budget bill for  , a parliamentary source said  .
experienced internationals mike hall and robert jones have been left out of the wales squad to prepare for the game with italy in cardiff on january   .
the world bank hopes to spend  million dollars rebuilding bosnia - hercegovina in the first three months of  , and will try to raise five billion for bosnia in two to three years , officials said friday  .
the un general assembly decided friday to cancel nearly  million dollars in unpaid dues accumulated by south africa over  years  .
a us judge has devised an unusual penalty aimed at keeping rebellious teenagers in line : shackling them to their parents  .
anglo-dutch oil group shell announced friday it had signed a controversial project to build a liquefied natural gas plant in nigeria  .
copper prices fell friday on the london metal exchange -lrb- lme -rrb- as traders liquidated their positions in the wake of large stock increases in lme  , pulling other metals down with it  .
the lira , the french and swiss francs and the dollar all firmed a bit against the german mark on friday on the london forex market  .
anglo-dutch oil group shell announced friday it had signed a controversial  .
billion dollar project to build a liquefied natural gas plant in nigeria  .
the world bank hopes to spend  million dollars rebuilding bosnia - hercegovina in the first three months of  , and will try to raise five billion for bosnia in two to three years , officials said friday  .
italy 's government won two confidence votes friday in the lower house of parliament on amendments to the budget bill for  , a parliamentary source said  .
president fidel castro was back from an asian tour friday that took him to china and vietnam , which boast economic models he has praised , but he gave an invitation to visit north korea the thumbs-down  .
some  countries , half of them nato members , are taking part in the ,-strong peacekeeping force being deployed in bosnia-hercegovina  .
germany is preparing to repatriate some , refugees from bosnia - hercegovina now that a peace agreement has been signed for the war - wracked former yugoslav republic , officials said friday  .
the father of french soccer legend michel platini , aldo platini , received the french order of merit on friday for creating a piece of french footballing history  .
swiss police on friday freed paulina  , sister-in-law of former mexican president carlos salinas , a month after she was detained as part of investigations into drugs trafficking and money laundering  .
prime minister felipe gonzalez , host of the eu summit , switched roles and played folksy pr man friday , plugging the future european currency with the woeful tale of a hypothetical spanish traveler  .
an ex-nazi who became a us citizen after hiding his past , living for years in chicago as a shipping clerk , has left the country under a deal stripping him of us nationality , the justice department announced friday  .
the european union friday agreed on a program for introducing the single european currency  .
a radical palestinian group on friday criticised a planned meeting between yasser arafat 's self-rule authority and the islamic resistance movement hamas , which it said was aimed at dividing the opposition  .
switzerland criticized china 's human rights record friday , two days after a court in beijing put the country 's most prominent dissident back behind bars for  years  .
the european union friday called on the burmese government to open dialogue with political and ethnic group and step up efforts to achieve democracy  .
the president of the european football authority uefa , lennart johansson , said friday he regretted a recent suggestion by fifa head joao havelange that africa could host the  world cup  .
participants in a conference examining the russian army 's role in chechnya accused russian police on friday of using kgb tactics after they prevented a chechen legislator from attending the hearings here  .
the international committee of the red cross -lrb- icrc -rrb- has suspended all its activities in burundi , following a series of attacks on humanitarian organizations , an icrc spokesman said here friday  .
top fa official noel white has signalled that the governing body may back away from immediately extending terry venables ' england contract to cover the  world cup  .
the white house warned friday that any nuclear test by india could tip the regional balance and doom prospects for a global test ban treaty  .
the un general assembly voted overwhelmingly friday to call for self - determination for the palestinian people and the pullout of israel from the territories it has occupied since   .
the european union has agreed to launch an in-depth study on the relations between those countries that participate in a single currency and those that stay outside , britains chancellor of the exchequer said  .
washington welcomed an accord signed friday aimed at shutting down north korea 's suspected nuclear weapons program but officials warned that the communist nation could already have nuclear warheads  .
the united states on friday dismissed as irrelevant bosnian serb leader radovan karazdic 's decree lifting the state of war over most of the self-proclaimed serb republic in bosnia  .
un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali and the us ambassador to the united nations had an  argument friday at the un security council over eastern slavonia  .
the plan by the conglomorate itt to break into three separate companies will take effect december  , when stockholders will receive shares of the three entities replacing their existing holdings , it was announced friday  .
european union leaders on friday failed to agree on a date for starting negotiations with central and eastern european countries that want to join the union , diplomats said  .
libyan leader moamer kadhafi met friday with a delegation from the black american movement , the nation of islam , who gave him a message from leader louis farrakhan thanking him for his support , the official news agency jana reported  .
us conglomerate general electric increased its quarterly dividends friday and announced a five to nine billion dollar plan to repurchase shares , according to a news release issued friday  .
ivan lendl has been made an  member of the all england club , a rare privilege for a foreign star , particularly given the fact the retired tennis star never won wimbledon  .
riot police friday used teargas to disperse hundreds of students of the lagos state university -lrb- lasu -rrb- gathered at a rally in  , on the western outskirt of lagos , organised to honor chief gani fawehinmi , a prominent lagos-based human rights activist  .
the time is right for british prime minister john major and sinn fein leader gerry adams to sit down and talk peace in northern ireland , irish social welfare minister  de rossa said friday  .
ireland 's eddie irvine , driving a ferrari , was the fastest in final practice at the estoril circuit friday , clocking min  .
sec for the best of his  laps  .
the wife of christopher reeve has called in a brazilian psychic known for non-surgical paranormal work to `` operate '' on the actor , who was left paralyzed by a fall from a horse last may , the psychic said friday  .
the bosnian serb parliament is to meet saturday at  , near their stronghold of pale , to discuss the bosnia-hercegovina peace agreement , its speaker momcilo krajisnik said friday  .
a liberian co-president and militia leader friday reiterated his commitment to the peace process here by ordering his gunmen to give up their weapons to the african peacekeeping force ecomog , now deploying in several parts of the country  .
there 's a streak of santa claus in palestinian leader yasser arafat , the netherlands ' queen beatrix learned friday when she got a star of bethlehem as a christmas gift from him  .
england 's rugby union squad have signed professional contracts with the rugby football union , the sport 's marketing and media chief colin  said friday  .
south africa had the better of a - draw with three-times world champions germany in a friendly football international watched by a , crowd in the johannesburg stadium here friday night  .
an exiled yemeni opposition leader on friday accused president ali abdallah saleh of planning to assassinate him and other opponents  .
the united states urged colombia friday to press forward with a probe into allegations that president ernesto samper 's  presidential campaign was financed by drug money  .
southeast asian governments must address us concerns about a pact declaring the region a nuclear-free zone before washington will consider signing the treaty , the state department said friday  .
mexico and switzerland are both continuing their investigations into where the brother of a former president acquired the huge sums of cash he deposited in swiss bank accounts , the government said friday  .
a ruling party senator surrendered to authorities friday after the supreme court ordered his arrest as part of a probe into the use of drug money in political campaigns  .
president bill clinton will require all people arrested on felony charges to be tested for drugs as a condition of their bail , the white house announced friday  .
a -year-old aids patient who received the first  transplant of bone marrow cells was doing well on friday , doctors said friday  .
five central american countries signed a democratic security treaty here friday at the end of a three-day summit  .
republican lawmakers said friday that budget talks with the white house had stalled hours before a deadline to avert the second partial shutdown of the federal government in a month  .
a military court has begun trying a -year-old american woman accused of helping rent a safehouse for a leftist rebel group , her lawyer grimaldi  said friday  .
president bill clinton paid tribute friday to three us diplomats killed in bosnia and said enforcing this week 's peace agreement is the best way to honor their memory  .
us trade representative mickey kantor warned friday the united states was examining retaliatory steps for canada 's  percent tax on advertising revenues from canadian editions of us magazines  .
president bill clinton vowed friday not to give in to a republican threat to shut down the government after the collapse of negotiations on a balanced budget  .
today , the defunct tabloid newspaper , was fined , pounds -lrb- o , ooo dollars -rrb- friday after publishing extracts from a book by a former royal housekeeper which claims to reveal princess diana 's bedroom secrets  .
the dollar was stable against most major currencies on friday with no new economic figures released and traders distracted by the holiday season  .
historic trading volumes were exceeded as blue-chip stocks moved lower friday on the expiry of futures and options contracts  .
fred couples ignored back pain and produced a spectacular  to join frontrunners vijay singh of fiji and australian wayne riley on five - under-par  at the half-way stage of the world championship event here friday  .
wall street had a wild ride this week as traders shuffled their portfolios to prepare for the year 's end and made adjustments to account for the quarterly expiration of stock and securities options  .
us researchers have isolated a gene which can protect rice from leaf blight that destroys up to half the crop in parts of asia and africa , the us magazine science said friday  .
the national christmas tree in washington almost fell victim to the us budget battle but president bill clinton offered friday to keep the lights burning on the holiday greenery  .
president alberto fujimori warned the united states friday it would lose its credibility as a guarantor of the peace pact between peru and ecuador if it approved a sale of israeli warplanes to quito  .
a judge in the central bosnian town of vitez said friday that five volunteer moslem fighters had been shot dead in a clash with bosnian police thursday , the croatian news agency hina reported  .
the un security council on friday formally authorized the transfer of authority from the united nations to nato to carry out a peace operation in bosnia , using force if necessary  .
a light aircraft carrying three rebel tuareg leaders and a frenchman on a `` secret '' mission exploded friday shortly after taking off in northern niger , killing all on board , tuareg and aviation officials said  .
playboy magazine went on the sale for the first time in the irish republic friday following the lifting of a ban earlier this year by the censorship of publications board  .
an oxford university academic was jailed for two years here friday for the theft of rare antique books -- including a first edition of sir isaac newton 's ``   '' -- from college libraries in oxford and london  .
nato ambassadors gave final agreement early saturday to the alliance 's first land operation in its history , the peace operation in bosnia , diplomats said  .
bosnian serb hardliner momcilo krajisnik called for burying the hatchet late friday and spoke of a partnership between the serbs and the moslem-croat federation in the new bosnia  .
two more members of the us congress , a democrat and a republican , announced they would not run for re-election next year , raising to  the number who are bowing out  .
shaquille o'neal scored  points and grabbed  rebounds in his first game of the national basketball association season here on friday as the orlando magic defeated the utah jazz -  .
south korea has established full diplomatic ties with bosnia - herzegovina , the foreign ministry said saturday  .
chinese vice foreign minister jiang enzhu has been named ambassador to britain , the people 's daily said saturday  .
president bill clinton nominated us air force general joseph ralston friday as vice chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , citing his role in applying advanced technologies to the battlefield  .
the international monetary fund authorized friday the disbursement of a  .
billion dollar loan to mexico after reviewing the mexican economy 's performance under a stand-by agreement with the imf  .
oscar de la hoya stopped jesse james leija in the second round here on friday to retain his world boxing organization lightweight title  .
the sri lankan navy destroyed a tamil tiger boat off the coast of the northern jaffna peninsula , the army said saturday , as security was intensified in colombo amid fears of revenge attacks by the rebels  .
philippine police on saturday arrested five pakistani men suspected of being terrorists during a pre-dawn raid on their hideout north of manila , authorities said  .
visiting brazilian president fernando henrique cardoso saturday expressed brazil 's interest in participating in the construction of china 's three gorges hydro-electric project and other power projects  .
the un commander for northeast bosnia was due to meet saturday with senior us officers commanding the , us troops due to replace the un peacekeepers at tuzla , northern bosnia , a un official said  .
fog is still shrouding the un airbase in tuzla , northern bosnia , and could again cause the us airforce to cancel all flights preparing the site as a command center for , us gis due to takeover from un troops here , a us spokesman said saturday  .
the emir of bahrain , sheikh issa ibn salman al-khalifa , ordered an amnesty for some prisoners arrested during political unrest at the start of the year , the official news agency gna said saturday  .
transport services resumed gradually in paris saturday with two subway lines ,  percent of buses and one commuter train line running , the ratp mass transit authority said  .
talks aimed at finding a compromise to allow the militant hamas group to take part in the first palestinian self-rule elections next month were postponed for two days on saturday , a senior plo official said  .
israel is to withdraw its troops from the west bank town of qalqilya after dusk on saturday , a day ahead of the scheduled pullout , an israeli military source said  .
chechen separatists battled russian troops in the eastern chechen town of gudermes early saturday and were still occupying a federal district command post and railway station , a spokesman for the russian military command told interfax news agency  .
zimbabwean president robert mugabe has said his cash-strapped government will consider acquiring land from white farmers for redistribution to landless blacks , with or without compensation  .
the remains of three russian air force jets which crashed in central vietnam have been found near the cam ranh military airport where they were to have landed , interfax news agency said saturday  .
un aid flights to southern sudan have resumed after being suspended by the government here three weeks ago amid a rebel offensive , the official al-engaz al-watani daily reported saturday  .
rain delayed the start of the third day of the third test between south africa and england here saturday  .
israel is to withdraw its troops from the west bank town of qalqilya after dusk on saturday , a day ahead of the scheduled pullout , an israeli military source said  .
tanzania and burundi have agreed to hold a series of meetings to develop bilateral links , including easing the problem of burundian refugees in tanzania , tanzanian foreign minister jakaya kikwete said saturday  .
rod tucker held together the tasmanian tailend to steal victory from victoria in a thrilling finish to the sheffield shield cricket match here saturday  .
jason gallian will join the england tour of south africa , it was announced here saturday  .
european union leaders met saturday to wrap up a two-day summit dominated by their approval of a blueprint for introducing a single european currency  .
syria on saturday called for a clear israeli commitment to quit the golan heights after us secretary of state warren christopher spoke of `` substantial progress '' in efforts to revive their stalled peace talks  .
brian lara will not be punished for his late withdrawal from the west indies cricket team that is currently touring australia for the world series cup  .
lunch was taken at the normal time of  .
-lrb-  gmt -rrb- on the rain-delayed third day of the third test between south africa and england at kingsmead here saturday  .
russia 's gross national product -lrb- gnp -rrb- was down four percent in the first  months of  compared to the same period last year , according to official statistics cited by interfax news agency saturday  .
the un commander for northeast bosnia , due to hand over to incoming us troops , said saturday that delays in bringing in planes were a concern  .
france 's transport system was gradually coming back to life on saturday after a crippling wave of strikes , with partial train and bus services resuming in both paris and the provinces , transport authorities said  .
south africa 's truth and reconciliation commission , set up to probe apartheid-era human rights abuses and atrocities , met for the first time on saturday  .
spain is asking its fellow eu members to approve a plan to negotiate an economic cooperation agreement with cuba , according to a draft document circulating at the eu summit here  .
twenty people , including  who were gunned down in two separate attacks , were killed in overnight political and criminal violence in volatile kwazulu-natal province , police said saturday  .
mark foster 's m butterfly world record on friday may have earned him a , pound -lrb- , dollar -rrb- bonus in the swimming meet here , but saturday 's m freestyle final is a better gauge of his olympic prospects  .
a militant hindu leader saturday demanded more concessions from the us-based enron power corp .
us secretary of state warren christopher said he needed further talks with israeli prime minister shimon peres on saturday before announcing a resumption in israeli-syrian peace talks  .
talks aimed at finding a compromise to allow the militant hamas group to take part in the first palestinian self-rule elections next month were postponed for two days on saturday , a senior plo official said  .
the emir of bahrain , sheikh issa ibn salman al-khalifa , ordered an amnesty for some prisoners arrested during political unrest at the start of the year , the official news agency gna said saturday  .
a fierce battle has taken place between government troops and revolutionary unity front -lrb- ruf -rrb- rebels at  in the  district about  miles -lrb-  kms -rrb- north of the capital , state radio reported saturday  .
austria 's michaela dorfmeister won her first world cup victory on saturday in the second downhill in two days here  .
us secretary of state warren christopher said saturday he hoped to announce a resumption of israeli-syrian peace talks after further discussions with prime minister shimon peres in jerusalem  .
fourteen of albania 's former communist leaders have been arrested and charged with the mass deportation of civilians , prosecutors said here saturday  .
a leading belgian banker saturday warned of the risk of competitive devaluations throughout the european union before a single currency , the euro , comes into force in   .
saudi billionaire prince al-waleed ibn talal has bought  percent of a london hotel in a -million-dollar deal forming part of plans to expand his hotel ownership worldwide , his office said on saturday  .
iran 's intelligence services arrested  currency smugglers in central tehran as part of a crackdown on illegal trade in hard currency , tehran radio reported saturday  .
austria 's patrick ortlieb won the men 's world cup downhill here on saturday with min  .
when play finally resumed on the third day of the third test between south africa and england at kingsmead here saturday , it lasted just  minutes  .
president emomali rakhmonov of tajikistan arrived in the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- on saturday for the first visit here by a head of state of the former soviet republic , officials said  .
us secretary of state warren christopher began discussions with palestinian leader yasser arafat on saturday in the autonomous enclave of jericho  .
austria 's patrick ortlieb won his first world cup downhill for nearly two years here on saturday with min  .
residents of the somali capital 's bermuda  fled their homes saturday to escape intermittent factional fighting which erupted there on friday  .
michaela dorfmeister , alexandra meissnitzer and renate goetschl gave austria 's women skiers their first one-two-three finish for  years here saturday in the world cup downhill  .
scoreboard when rain halted play on the third day of the third test between south africa and england at kingsmead here saturday  .
another dismal day restricted play on the third day of the third test between south africa and england to just  minutes  .
four top kenyan university dons died in two separate road accidents in the country this week , plunging the university of nairobi into mourning , the kenyan press reported here on saturday  .
the emir of bahrain ordered an amnesty saturday for close to  prisoners , most of whom were arrested during political unrest at the start of the year , a government official said  .
egyptian president hosni mubarak railed against `` foreign plots '' against egypt on saturday , calling on his people to form a national front against armed moslem fundamentalists  .
a meeting of the bosnian serb parliament scheduled to take place saturday has been postponed for a day , officials said in the bosnian serb stronghold of pale  .
lebanon 's anti-drugs squad dismantled a heroin production factory in the eastern  region and seized a million dollars ' worth of drugs , police said saturday  .
talks aimed at finding a compromise to allow the militant hamas group to take part in the first palestinian self-rule elections next month were postponed for two days on saturday , a senior plo official said  .
us forces ordered into bosnia by nato called off attempts to fly into the airbase here on saturday after three failed efforts to land a plane , a spokesman for the us military said  .
president nelson mandela said saturday he deplored a new wave of killings in volatile kwazulu-natal province where  people died in overnight violence ,  of them  down by unknown gunmen  .
british prime minister john major saturday warned his partners against rushing into monetary union with only a few european union member states able to meet the economic convergence criteria determined by the maastricht treaty  .
mulhouse striker stephane  failed a drugs test on saturday after his second sample was found positive  .
egyptian president hosni mubarak vowed on saturday to continue state subsidies for the poor despite his government 's four-year-old economic privatization program  .
a senior iranian official has announced for the first time iran 's willingness to sign a non-aggression treaty with all gulf arab states in a statement published by a qatari daily on saturday  .
us secretary of state warren christopher reacted cautiously on saturday to israeli radio reports that there had been a breakthrough in the stalled peace talks between syria and israel  .
foreign minister alfred nzo welcomed saturday a decision by the un general assembly to cancel neary  million dollars in unpaid dues accumulated by south africa over  years  .
the last israeli troops left the west bank town of qalqilya on saturday ending  years of occupation as part of accords extending palestinian autonomy across the territory  .
prince norodom sirivudh , arrested for his alleged role in a suspected plot to assassinate the country 's second prime minister hun sen , has agreed to leave cambodia to live in exile in france  .
at least one person was killed and four injured saturday when a number of devices exploded in a department store in this southeastern spanish city , local officials said  .
one of the spiritual leaders of egypt 's moslems has called for a summit of islamic scholars and theologians to discuss terrorism in an article published saturday in the government daily al-akhbar  .
us secretary of state warren christopher said on saturday he would attend a conference next month in paris of countries providing aid to the newly autonomous palestinian areas  .
the son of a ``  , '' or wealthy peasant persecuted by soviet leader josef stalin during the s , became one of the first beneficiaries of a decree granting compensation to the victims of stalinism when he recovered his father 's home , itar-tass reported saturday  .
israeli troops withdrew from the west bank town of qalqilya on saturday , ending  years of occupation , as part of accords extending palestinian self-rule across the territory  .
uganda and tanzania pledged saturday to revive economic cooperation between the former partner states of the east african community -lrb- eac -rrb- , which collapsed in  due to ideological disagreements between kenya , tanzania and uganda  .
officials from  countries adopted a un report on climate change here saturday which for the first time officially blames human activity for the so-called `` greenhouse effect  .
two tries in the final quarter provided a new-look england side with some comfort after they struggled to impose themselves in a - victory over western samoa at twickenham on saturday  .
norway 's bjorn daehlie won the men 's km nordic classic here saturday in a time of min  .
sec ahead of vladimir smirnov of kazakhstan and  .
two gasoline trucks collided with a bus in brazil 's sao paulo state and burst into flames , killing at least  people , police said saturday  .
premiership pacesetters newcastle needed only ten men to beat everton - at st james ' park on saturday , opening up a seven-point lead at the top of the table  .
the iraqi government is selling off its stockpiles of electrical goods , carpets and clothes to the public at knock-down prices to offset soaring prices and the effect of un sanctions , officials said saturday  .
pop star michael jackson decided to head to euro disney outside paris after his doctors told him to take a vacation to finish his recovery from a bout with gastroenteritis , his agent said  .
two tries in the final quarter provided a new-look england side with some comfort after they struggled to impose themselves in a - victory over western samoa at twickenham on saturday  .
israel and syria will resume peace talks on december  near washington , ending a six-month freeze in negotiations , us secretary of state warren christopher announced saturday  .
israel and syria will resume peace talks on december  near washington , ending a six-month freeze in negotiations , us secretary of state warren christopher announced saturday  .
two gasoline trucks collided with a bus , burst into flames and killed at least  people , police said saturday  .
the president of the rump yugoslav federation formed by serbia and montenegro , zoran lilic , left belgrade saturday for a week-long visit to china , the belgrade-based news agency tanjug reported  .
bolivian troops searching for the body of legendary guerrilla leader ernesto `` che '' guevara disinterred a complete cadaver saturday , their first since the search began  .
at least one person was killed and eight injured sunday when bombs allegedly planted by basque separatist  eta shook a department store in this spanish mediterranean city  .
celtic stepped up the title pressure on old firm rivals rangers on saturday , cutting the gap at the top of the scottish premier division to just a single point as they beat falkirk -  .
vatican foreign minister jean-louis tauran arrived saturday on the highest-level visit by a holy see official since it established formal ties with israel nearly two years ago  .
the international commission on disarming northern ireland 's rival factions met behind closed doors saturday with protestant groups with close militia ties  .
colombian justice minister nestor martinez said on saturday that he would resign , according to radio reports that followed an announcement by president ernesto samper that he planned to reshuffle his cabinet  .
world bank officials announced their first financial package for war - ravaged bosnia saturday , part of international efforts to build on the peace accord signed earlier in the week  .
voting began in russian parliamentary elections when polling stations opened at the federation 's remote eastern tip , at : a .
sunday -lrb-  gmt saturday -rrb- , interfax news agency reported  .
newcastle had goalkeeper pavel  to thank as they stretched their lead at the top of the english premiership to seven points with a - victory over everton on saturday  .
argentine economy minister domingo cavallo has become the butt of bitter humor here as he tries to hold the line on government spending despite a recession and a record  percent unemployment  .
thousands of religious jews rallied here late saturday in the same square where yitzhak rabin was assassinated in a show of support for rabbis accused of  backing the murder , organisers said  .
his troops saturday that they can return fire if need be as they try to restore peace to the region  .
linda mccartney has successfully undergone an operation to have a `` small lump '' removed from her breast , her husband paul mccartney , a former member of the beatles , said in a statement on sunday  .
an ethnic chinese family has been freed by police after being held hostage for three weeks by members of an organized crime group , police said saturday  .
in spite of increasing signs of a thaw in france 's paralysing transport and public sector strikes , between , and over two million people took to the streets again saturday across the country , according to reports from police and organisers  .
police and radical  clashed saturday in hamburg after a demonstration called to condemn the banning of radikal , a far-left journal , a police source said  .
police clashed with anti-fascist demonstrators in the streets of zurich on saturday when the youthful protesters failed to stick to the prearranged route for a march that had been declared legal  .
disappointed vietnamese fans clashed with riot police in the center of ho chi minh city early sunday after their national football team lost to thailand at the southeast asian -lrb- sea -rrb- games , witnesses said  .
palestinian leader yasser arafat decreed saturday that six seats on the -strong self-rule council due to be elected on january  will be reserved for christians  .
paris st germain had two men sent off and conceded a late penalty to st etienne on saturday night , but the french league leaders still came away with a - draw  .
the number of homicides has already hit a record in sao paulo this year , with , slayings in the metropolitan area through november , according to data released saturday by the public security office  .
, a breakaway ethnic russian enclave in the east of the former soviet republic of moldova , has run out of both food and cash to buy it , and only has  days supply of wheat left , a local official said saturday  .
two touchdowns with less than two minutes remaining gave pittsburgh a - victory over new england here saturday , a win that gave the steelers a first-round bye in the playoffs  .
thousands of religious jews rallied here late saturday in the same square where yitzhak rabin was assassinated , in a show of support for rabbis accused of implicitly backing the murder , organisers said  .
pakistan won the toss and decided to bat first in the second of four one-day internationals at lancaster park here sunday  .
colombia 's secret police announced saturday it would launch a new campaign to clamp down hard on the country 's numerous smaller drug - trafficking cartels  .
only hours before the first polling stations opened in russia 's parliamentary elections , state television screened an eight-minute film clearly designed to discourage a vote for the reformed communists , who are slated to win  .
former world boxing organisation -lrb- wbo -rrb- champion chris pyatt turned back the clock and recaptured the commonwealth light-middleweight crown here saturday  .
robbie regan claimed the interim ibf -lrb- international boxing federation -rrb- flyweight crown , vacated by the injured danny romero , here saturday night when he stopped unbeaten italian-based tunisian ben  with a spectacular second-round knock-out  .
voting began in russian parliamentary elections when polling stations opened at the federation 's remote eastern tip at : a .
sunday -lrb-  gmt saturday -rrb- , interfax news agency reported  .
britain 's world boxing council -lrb- wbc -rrb- heavyweight champion frank bruno boasted here on saturday that he could fight two other heavyweight title holders and mike tyson one after another on the same night and beat all three  .
the united states will hold the presidents of bosnia , serbia and croatia to their commitments to prosecute those responsible for war crimes , white house spokesman michael mccurry said saturday  .
palestinian self-rule came to the outskirts of tel aviv , israel 's economic capital and its largest city , with the army 's withdrawal from the west bank town of qalqilya  .
the west indies won the toss and sent australia into bat in their triangular limited over cricket international at the adelaide oval here sunday  .
brett favre passed for four first half  lead the green bay packers to a - victory over new orleans and their third straight national football league playoff berth  .
argentina 's state-owned firm applied research -lrb-  -rrb- has opened a center in cuba 's capital for processing radioisotopes for industrial and medical purposes , officials said saturday  .
scoreboard of the pakistan innings against new zealand in the second of four one-day internationals at lancaster park here sunday  .
new zealand strike bowler danny morrison took five wickets for  runs and inzamam-ul-haq scored  as pakistan reached - against new zealand in the second of four one-day internationals here sunday  .
austria 's michaela dorfmeister won her first world cup victory on saturday in the second downhill in two days here  .
and two chinese firms have signed an agreement to set up the largest sino-foreign joint venture in the chinese electronics industry , a report said sunday  .
police were hunting early sunday for a score of prisoners who escaped from ioannina jail in northwest greece , as other inmates staged a mutiny , authorities said  .
voting was brisk in russia 's far east early sunday as the first polling booths opened for the country 's parliamentary elections , officials and agency reports said  .
another of the growing band of exiled chinese table-tennis stars struck a blow against her former motherland when chen jing beat a former teammate in the asian women all stars final here  .
the french embassy here is to file a complaint to the cambodian authorities over a saturday night shooting incident in which the french ambassador narrowly escaped injury , embassy officials said sunday  .
former world heavyweight champion mike tyson knocked out fellow - american buster mathis jr after  secs of the third round of a scheduled -round contest here on saturday  .
voting for a new russian parliament was declared valid in the disputed kuril islands within three hours of the polls opening sunday , interfax news agency reported  .
police arrested  people early sunday when thousands of disappointed soccer fans went on a rampage in the center of ho chi minh city after vietnam lost a regional final to thailand  .
argentina 's julio cesar vasquez showed the value of sheer persistence in boxing by finding the big punch while trailing on points to beat missouri 's carl daniels and recapture his world boxing association light-middleweight title  .
ayub afridi , a powerful pakistani tribal chief and reputedly one of the world 's most notorious drug traffickers , has given himself up to the us authorities , a diplomat said sunday  .
vietnam 's ports could become completely congested within two years as new infrastructure development fails to keep pace with a rapid rise in trade , foreign shipping companies have warned  .
china has strongly denied that major changes to its foreign investment and trade policies next year will turn off overseas investors and damage the country 's healthy trade balance  .
philippine president fidel ramos arrived in cambodia sunday for a two - day state visit designed to improve ties between the two south east asian nations  .
china 's major southwestern industrial city of chongqing has revoked the business licenses of  foreign-invested firms for violating chinese laws , it was announced sunday  .
moslem couples in malaysia will have to take an hiv test , to ensure they are free of the virus before they can get a marriage certificate , a senior minister was reported as saying sunday  .
an off-duty policeman turned the tables on three highwaymen near this southern city on sunday by seizing one robber 's gun and shooting him dead , causing the other two to run off  .
the strongest extreme-right party in western europe was set to benefit further from general elections in austria sunday resulting from a split in the traditional left-right coalition  .
extended media coverage of former chinese president yang shangkun 's recent tour of eastern jiangsu province has furthered rumors that the sprightly -year-old is making a political comeback  .
the first batch of  million dollars in export credits from the canadian government to fund a project management system for china 's massive three gorges dam is expected next month , the china daily said sunday  .
scoreboard of the second of four one-day internationals between pakistan and new zealand at lancaster park here sunday  .
the amount of foreign government loans to china agreed this year is expected to top four billion dollars , with total credit actually used reaching two billion dollars , a report said sunday  .
voting was brisk in russia 's far east sunday as polling booths opened across most of the country 's  time zones for elections to the lower house of parliament , officials and agency reports said  .
new zealand beat pakistan in the final over of an exciting one-day international at lancaster park here sunday , squaring the series - with two matches to play  .
australian prime minister paul keating headed for jakarta sunday , to sign a security agreement between australia and indonesia which he said would shape australia 's future and enhance regional security  .
north korea on sunday warned the united states to stick to its side of a nuclear accord under which a us-led syndicate will provide new and safer reactors for the communist state  .
four civilians were killed and nine injured when taliban fighters besieging kabul launched a rocket barrage on the city , witnesses and hospital staff said sunday  .
the french embassy will file a complaint with cambodian authorities over a shooting incident in which the french ambassador narrowly escaped injury , an embassy official said sunday  .
a us naval battle group led by the aircraft carrier independence and two nuclear submarines will stay near the korean peninsula next month in a bid to deter an attack by north korea , a military report said sunday  .
a senior official of the palestinian islamic resistance said here saturday that hamas was determined reconciliation talks with the palestinian self-rule authority should be a success  .
egyptian president hosni mubarak will meet with us secretary of state warren christopher here on sunday a day after christopher announced the resumption of israeli-syrian peace talks , officials said  .
two people died and  people were taken to hospital after  toxic fumes from a fire at a chemical plant near here sunday morning , a company spokesman said  .
four civilians were killed and nine people were injured when taliban fighters besieging kabul launched a rocket barrage on the city , witnesses and hospital staff said sunday  .
a -man armed gang raided the malawian high commission -lrb- embassy -rrb- in a nairobi suburb early on saturday and stole cash and property worth more than one million shillings -lrb- , us dollars -rrb- , the kenyan press reported on sunday  .
a senior official of the palestinian islamic resistance movement -lrb- hamas -rrb- said here that the group was determined reconciliation talks with the palestinian self-rule authority should succeed  .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- and tajikistan on sunday signed two agreements to promote investment and economic cooperation , the official news agency wam said  .
russian president boris yeltsin said he would not go back on four years of tough reforms whatever the results of sunday 's parliamentary elections , which are expected to give the left a big boost  .
pakistan has warned that any nuclear test carried out by india would `` jeopardise peace and stability in the region '' and seriously harm international efforts toward a comprehensive nuclear test ban treaty  .
south korea 's ruling party was preparing sunday to railroad through parliament a special law allowing indictment of ex-president chun doo - hwan and other masterminds in the  massacre in kwangju  .
the strike-hit paris public transport system was slowly easing back to normal early sunday with partial service on half of its metro lines , and some bus services , transport authorities said  .
australian emma george broke the women 's pole vault world record for a second time in as many weeks at an athletics meet here sunday  .
scorecard in the triangular limited over cricket series one day match between australia and the west indies at the adelaide oval here sunday -lrb- rain reduced the match to  overs -rrb-  .
match referee clive lloyd found here sunday that there is `` no case to answer '' to accusations that south african bowlers have been tampering with the ball during the third test against england  .
indian opposition parties on sunday flayed the united states for warning india that any nuclear test carried out by india could harm efforts to effect a nuclear test ban treaty  .
rain delayed the start of the fourth day of the third test between south africa and england here sunday  .
french polynesian police have started a corruption inquiry into a leading political ally of the territorial government leader gaston flosse , officials said sunday  .
up to , people took part in a march through hong kong on sunday demanding the release of chinese dissident wei jingsheng who was jailed in beijing last week  .
chinese politburo member wei jianxin reaffirmed sunday the leading role of workers in economic construction and warned against any bid to undermine their rights  .
sudanese president omar al-beshir has proposed a constitutional amendment for upcoming elections , granting parliament extensive new powers , an official said in the daily al-sudan al-hadith on sunday  .
south korean police on sunday mounted a massive security blockade around the court where ex-president roh tae-woo and top business tycoons will go on trial monday , reports said  .
saudi arabia and italy have signed an agreement to fight terrorism , organized crime and drug trafficking , saudi officials announced here sunday  .
israel 's new foreign minister ehud barak will visit egypt for the first time since taking office in a bid to `` get acquainted , '' the israeli embassy here said sunday  .
the fourth day of the third test between south africa and england was called off at  .
record rainfall in dubai and the surrounding desert emirates has flooded roads , closed schools and forced hundreds of people to be evacuated from their homes , authorities said sunday  .
a korean company initialed an agreement with egypt on sunday to set up the middle east 's largest steel factory in a  million dollar deal , the egyptian industry minister ibrahim fawzi announced  .
the french secretary of state for humanitarian action , xavier emmanuelli , sunday left here for paris after a three-day working visit he said was successful  .
diego maradona , involved in a dispute with new club president mauricio macri , played his last match for boca juniors here on saturday  .
us secretary of state warren christopher arrived in cairo on sunday for talks with egyptian president hosni mubarak on the resumption of israeli-syrian peace talks , sources at the airport said  .
palestinian police carried out a vast manhunt sunday in this newly autonomous town for an armed gang held responsible for three killings and a wave of punishment shootings , palestinian sources said  .
eight young men were murdered last week in a raid by around  men on a village near  about  kilometres -lrb-  .
miles -rrb- southwest of the capital , the daily la tribune reported on sunday  .
representatives of  countries gather here monday to discuss disarmament and confidence-building measures in the former yugoslavia , as bosnia 's complicated peace process gathers momentum  .
two people died and  people were taken to hospital after inhaling toxic fumes from a fire at a chemical plant near here sunday morning , a company spokesman said  .
the arab league on sunday praised the announcement that syria and israel would resume peace negotiations after a six-month deadlock  .
the bosnian serb parliament met here sunday in a session expected to endorse the dayton peace accord and choose a new government  .
record rainfall in dubai and other desert regions of the arab gulf has flooded roads , closed schools and forced hundreds of people to be evacuated from their homes , officials said sunday  .
an amateur cameraman who filmed the assassination of prime minister yitzhak rabin is negotiating to sell his video to the highest bidder , his lawyer said sunday  .
iraq on sunday reiterated its rejection of a un measure to allow it to export limited quantities of oil to buy food and medicine under strict supervision  .
iranian foreign minister ali akbar velayati on sunday blasted plans by israel and the united states to boost their strategic cooperations against iran  .
austria 's elfi eder won the women 's world cup slalom here on sunday to make it two wins in two races so far this season  .
philippine president fidel ramos sunday met king norodom sihanouk and top cambodian leaders , oversaw the signing of three bilateral agreements and pledged to further strengthen the ties between the two countries  .
foreign minister ali akbar velayati on sunday stressed iran had no intention of tracking down the british author salman rushdie , who is condemned to death here for blasphemy  .
freezing fog on sunday foiled two attempts by the us air force to fly into a un base in tuzla , northern bosnia , as the us air force battled for the fourth straight day to bring in men and equipment to the site , a us officer at the base said  .
resurgent spanish prime minister felipe gonzalez will end months of speculation monday when he announces whether he will lead spain 's socialists into elections for the seventh time  .
nigeria 's foreign minister tomi ikimi defended his country 's execution of human rights leader ken saro-wiwa to egyptian president hosni mubarak here on sunday  .
hundreds of angry protesters marched through hong kong on sunday demanding the release of chinese dissident wei jingsheng , jailed last week for  years for subversion  .
austria 's hans knaus won the men 's world cup giant slalom event here on sunday with min  .
yemen on sunday accused eritrea of having landed military forces on the red sea island of hanish al-kabir by boat , killing and wounding several yemenis  .
austria 's hans knauss won the men 's world cup giant slalom event here on sunday in min  .
the uae government is considering forcing couples to have aids tests before marriage stepping up a campaign against the illness , officials said sunday  .
elfi eder and anita wachter won the women 's world cup slalom and combined events here on sunday to carry on austria 's domination of the st .
a special un envoy on human rights is on a visit here to investigate the rights situation of religious minorities in iran , informed sources said sunday  .
the bosnian serb parliament met here sunday in a session expected to endorse the dayton peace accord and choose a new government  .
nationwide turnout in russia 's parliamentary elections sunday has broken the  percent minimum barrier needed to make the poll valid , officials said  .
snowbound sarajevo was in chaos sunday even as the united nations was putting the finishing touches to preparations to hand over authority to the slowly arriving nato-led implementation force -lrb- ifor -rrb-  .
yemeni troops on sunday were fighting to repel an attack by eritrean forces on the strategic red sea island of hanish al-kabir which has left several yemeni soldiers dead and wounded , officials said here  .
a south london pub dating from the s which police claim has been a haven for criminals most of its existence is due to be closed and demolished , police said sunday  .
under-fire england coach terry venables , troubled by legal battles over his commercial interests , has received a welcome vote of confidence from english football supremo sir bert millichip  .
yemeni troops were fighting on sunday to repel an attack by eritrean forces on the strategic red sea island of hanish al-kabir which has left several yemeni soldiers dead and wounded , officials said here  .
palestinian chief yasser arafat welcomed sunday the israeli-syrian agreement to resume peace talks and called for renewed efforts to normalize relations between the jewish state and lebanon  .
police were investigating on sunday an incident at an ice hockey match which left one player injured , another under arrest and a total of six sent off  .
martin o'neill resigned as manager of norwich on sunday after taking over in the close season but the first division club immediately refused to release him from his contract  .
haitian voters began casting ballots sunday in a presidential election that was expected to give former prime minister rene preval a clear victory despite an opposition boycott  .
the bosnian serb `` parliament '' refused sunday to endorse the dayton peace accord , the serb srna news agency reported  .
former olympic medallist and wales and british lions winger ken jones resigned as president of the newport athletic club on sunday in protest at the advent of professionalism in rugby union  .
a correspondent for an american television company and her driver were attacked on the highway in chechnya on sunday and led into a -minute high-speed car chase  .
about half of all scheduled french rail services will run on monday as railwaymen return to work after a strike that has paralysed france for more than three weeks , the sncf rail authority said sunday  .
davy tweed , the ballymena lock who was  last month , received an unexpected call-up to ireland 's national squad on sunday for a week - long  nations championship training session in america  .
yemen , which on sunday accused eritrea of attacking one of its islands in the red sea , is composed of the former south and north  which were united on may  ,   .
tens of thousands took part sunday in a rally supporting the opposition alliance in mauritius , which is tipped to win general elections on wednesday  .
at least one person died and many others were injured in a series of explosions sunday at a chemical plant south of the capital , police said  .
us forces failed again sunday to fly into a fog-bound air base in tuzla , northern bosnia -- the fourth day that aircraft have not been able to land here , a us officer at the base said  .
a train carrying tanks and military vehicles and  us soldiers crossed into croatia on sunday as part of the nato-led implementation force overseeing the dayton peace accord , nato announced here  .
ac milan had to settle for a - draw at home to torino on sunday , leaving the backdoor open for fiorentina to move into second place in the serie a , just a point behind  .
a key union leader behind the three-week strike in france expressed optimism sunday over prospects of resolving the social crisis , after receiving a letter from prime minister alain juppe  .
torrential rains have lashed south africa for two days , causing flooding and closing roads in several provinces , but also easing long - term drought , press reports said sunday  .
russian forces continued battles with guerrillas in chechnya 's second town sunday as russia 's representatives in the rebel republic claimed local leadership elections were a success  .
about half of scheduled french trains will run monday as railwaymen return to work after a strike that has paralysed france for more than three weeks , the sncf rail authority said sunday  .
the arab league called on eritrea on sunday to pull its forces back from a strategic red sea island that it disputes with yemen , condemning their deployment as an `` aggressive act  .
sinn fein deputy leader martin mcguinness on sunday urged the northern ireland disarmament commission to probe security forces he accused of concealing information , and not just investigate paramilitary arms  .
ski world cup holder alberto tomba found himself in hot water at sunday 's super-giant slalom here , after the italian lobbed a champagne bottle from the podium , just missing a photographer  .
the bosnian serb assembly said sunday it would not endorse the bosnian peace accord for the time being , the serb srna news agency reported  .
the iraqi authorities have devalued the tourist rate of the dinar from  to , dinars to the us dollar , a bank official said sunday  .
venezuela 's banking system has yet to recover from the  financial crisis in which  institutions went bankrupt , the chairman of the banco  de credito , oscar garcia , has said  .
three south koreans convicted of running a slave-labor sweatshop here were sentenced to more than five years imprisonment , officials said monday  .
the paris metro and bus systems will be virtually back to normal on tuesday as staff return to work and rolling stock is brought back into action , the ratp mass transit authority said monday  .
the israeli army will withdraw from bethlehem on thursday night , clearing the way for  to organise christmas celebrations free of occupation , a senior israeli officer said monday  .
hungary has lifted a block on seven  trains carrying supplies for us troops of the nato implementation force -lrb- ifor -rrb- which have been stuck in austria since sunday , a spokesman for austrian railways said monday  .
president bill clinton vetoed three bills monday that would have funded several federal departments and lessened the impact of an ongoing partial government shutdown  .
eastern european and other world powers reacted with restraint monday to the swing to the left in russia 's parliamentary election , downplaying the significance of the strong showing by the communist party  .
a new poll of canadians shows growing despondency about the country 's future , its social structure and even its existence  .
rachid ramda , an algerian wanted in connection with a series of terrorist bomb attacks in france , will be held here for another two weeks while a french extradition request is considered , a court ruled here monday  .
president bill clinton vetoed two bills monday that would have funded several federal departments and lessened the impact of an ongoing partial government shutdown  .
a veteran of the  falklands -lrb- malvinas -rrb- war who suffered a stress - related illness took his case to europe 's highest appeal court monday , claiming he was unfairly   .
syrian vice-president abdel halim khaddam arrived in paris on monday for a five-day official visit to include talks with president jacques chirac  .
britain 's johnny herbert , the winner of two formula one races last season , has found a drive for  -- teaming up with germany 's heinz - harald frentzen at sauber-ford  .
carlos westendorp , spain 's secretary of state for relations with the european union , is to replace javier solana as foreign minister , officials of the ruling socialist party said here monday  .
a -year old frenchman , louis  , musical director of the  orchestra , will take over as director of britain 's glyndebourne touring opera -lrb- gto -rrb- from  , his paris-based agent said  .
french employers will be represented at a `` social summit '' on employment , to be chaired by prime minister alain juppe later this week , they announced monday  .
legislative election results in russia mark the `` consolidation of democracy , '' the white house said monday in an effort to downplay the significance of a strong showing by the communist party  .
urgent negotiations on confidence-building and disarmament measures among the warring parties in former yugoslavia are to begin between january  and january  in vienna , an international conference on implementing the dayton peace accords decided monday  .
pope john paul ii hopes to make a pilgrimage to the holy land , vatican foreign minister jean-louis tauran , the most senior holy see official to visit israel since they established ties in  , said monday  .
a first wave of us reserve forces arrived at two us army bases monday to prepare for their peacekeeping mission to bosnia-hercegovina , the commander of us army forces said here  .
un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali said monday he planned to visit kuwait next week , and urged iraq to keep negotiating with the united nations on a deal to trade its oil for food  .
france 's latest privatisation , of the aluminium and packaging group pechiney , suffered an embarrassing setback on monday , as the shares fell below their issue price in the very first minutes of trading  .
prime minister john major faces rebellion in his ruling conservative party tuesday over european fisheries policy , while in-fighting with the `` eurosceptic '' right again challenges party unity  .
every silver lining must have a cloud : parking fines are to return in paris , now that a public transport strike which paralyzed the french capital for more than three weeks is ending  .
eight people , five of them children , have died in flooding as heavy rains continued to fall in the eastern part of south africa , state television reported monday  .
bringing peace back to bosnia-hercegovina will be an `` enormously complex '' task , but nato-led forces expect to get the job done within a year , their us commander said monday  .
a wreck found recently off the coast of north wales has been identified as the  , one of the world 's oldest submarines that sank in  , the royal navy said monday  .
the head of police forces in lagos on monday told nigeria 's major opposition grouping that a mass rally it was planning would be banned because the group was technically `` illegal  .
south african police fired teargas and stun grenades to disperse residents of a squatter camp south of here monday shortly after municipal workers began demolishing their wood and iron shacks  .
two israeli arabs were found guilty of spying for syria after a secret trial , the supreme court revealed on monday when the men 's appeal against their sentence was rejected  .
islamic resistance movement -lrb- hamas -rrb- militants put on a play monday showing a palestinian killing a jew , on the day their movement began reconciliation talks with the plo , witnesses said  .
an israeli woman whose husband was a pioneer of jewish settlements in the west bank was jailed for seven months on monday for attacking and biting police officers , legal sources said  .
the major european stock markets lost ground monday with london , paris and frankfurt all showing the effects of uncertainty across the atlantic  .
the galileo probe took six years to reach jupiter 's atmosphere from where it managed to transmit  minutes of scientific data before its mission was abruptly derailed  .
un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali , whose relations with the united states have taken a downturn over bosnia , said monday he was undecided over whether to seek a new five-year mandate  .
mauritius goes to the polls wednesday in an election triggered by language policy that looks set to bring the opposition to power in the successful indian ocean republic  .
the russian communist party was set to add to its gains in parliamentary elections as initial results announced for  constituency polling late monday confirmed the electorate 's move to the left  .
american brands inc said monday it had signed a definitive agreement to buy cobra golf inc for  dollars per share , equivalent to about  million dollars  .
the russian communist party was set to add to its gains in parliamentary elections as initial results announced for  constituency polling late monday confirmed the electorate 's move to the left  .
more than  people were arrested when nicaraguan authorities siezed four honduran fishing vessels for alleged illegal fishing off the country 's caribbean coast , nicaraguan officials said monday  .
the leading european currencies and the dollar all lost ground to the german mark on monday , with the exception of the swiss franc which got a boost from traders ' jitters over communist gains in russia 's elections  .
the united states vigorously denounced on monday the russian communists ' call to restore the soviet union after the  made a strong showing in the legislative elections  .
heavy gunfire broke out in the center of the chechen capital grozny late monday , with rebel forces blasting at a russian command post , interfax news agency said  .
austrian president thomas klestil is to launch a series of consultations with leader of the country 's five main parties to determine the choice of a new government , the president 's office announced monday  .
the israeli army will withdraw from bethlehem on thursday night , clearing the way for  to organise christmas celebrations free of occupation , a senior israeli officer said monday  .
more than  persons were feared killed and  others injured in a communal clash between ethnic hausa and fulani communities at a village in nigeria 's northwestern sokoto state , the official news agency of nigeria -lrb- nan -rrb- reported here monday  .
a man was fatally shot monday in his home in belfast , informed sources said  .
with over half the votes in the russian election still to be counted , the communist party is continuing to make gains with almost  percent , with vladimir zhirinovsky 's ultranationalists the next nearest with  percent  .
carlos westendorp ,  , spain 's secretary of state for relations with the european union , is to replace javier solana as foreign minister , officials of the ruling socialist party said monday  .
the united states called monday for the probe into colombian president ernesto samper 's alleged drug-money campaign funding to continue despite a congressional panel 's vote to end the investigation  .
a group of football historians has accused italy of match-fixing in the  world cup  .
president bill clinton took a step monday toward resolving the bitter budget battle by offering republican leaders some `` new ideas '' in his plan to eliminate the deficit in seven years , the white house said  .
retail sales of beef have dropped by  percent in the past two weeks as a result of public fears about the possible spread of so-called `` mad cow disease '' to humans , industry officials said here monday  .
the united states and mexico abruptly postponed the scheduled start monday of transborder ground shipping under the north american free trade agreement  .
after the toughest year for argentina 's economy since the government effectively pegged the peso to the dollar in  , economy minister domingo cavallo forecast monday better news for the new year  .
blue-chip shares suffered their worst day of the year monday , dropping two percent amid worries over the federal budget stalemate that partially has shut down the government  .
president jacques chirac should step down into the arena of france 's social conflicts and send a `` strong signal '' to the country , one of chirac 's conservative predecessors said on monday  .
the dollar faded monday following an investment fund sale triggered by disappointment over the lack of a budget accord leading to the second partial us government shutdown in a month  .
former united states senator george mitchell said monday that the international commission he leads investigating the arms issue in the ulster peace process had reached no decisions after four days of `` candid '' consultations in belfast and dublin  .
comeback striker kevin campbell rescued nottingham forest with a th minute equaliser to ensure the visitors a - draw at manchester city monday night  .
president bill clinton took a step toward resolving the bitter budget battle monday but republicans rebuffed his gesture as day three of the government shutdown wound to a close  .
china has ordered the effective expulsion of a german journalist after accusing him of trying to stir up german public opinion against beijing and vilifying government leaders  .
china has ordered the effective expulsion of a german journalist after accusing him of trying to stir up german public opinion against beijing and vilifying government leaders  .
grains and soy products were higher monday on the chicago futures market due to dry weather in brazil 's  regions  .
former world number-one stefan edberg , considered by many as the perfect role model for young players , has decided to end his playing career at the end of   .
a reactionary trend `` exemplified by singapore '' is one of three threats to the expansion of democracy and freedom in the world , a us-based authority on human rights said tuesday  .
democracy is making strides around the globe but faces threats from  in the former soviet bloc , islamic fundamentalism , and authoritarian transitions to free markets in asia , the annual human rights report by freedom house says  .
a group of paraguayan and brazilian civilians discovered some  bodies -- presumably mafia victims -- in a secret grave in brazil , police and private sources said here monday  .
share prices opened sharply lower on the tokyo stock exchange on tuesday , with the nikkei stock average falling  .
- yen here in early morning trading tuesday , up from  .
yen in new york late monday but down from  .
south africa have named left-arm teenage spinner paul adams to their -man squad for the final two tests against england -- a player virtually unknown outside the cape town club he represents in local league cricket six weeks ago  .
the united states has lifted a long-time refusal to cooperate in an arctic council , paving the way for a ministerial meeting next year of the arctic nations , canadian foreign minister andre ouellet said monday  .
spanish prime minister felipe gonzalez said late monday he was full of enthusiasm after being asked by his embattled socialist party to lead it into general elections for the seventh consecutive time  .
president bill clinton and top republican leaders bob dole and newt gingrich will meet tuesday to discuss the budget crisis that has partially closed the government , the white house said monday  .
china 's top judge , ren jianxin , has pledged a stern law and order policy to curb a rising crime wave , with corruption and violent crime the main targets , a report said tuesday  .
us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of  .
billion dollars seasonally adjusted , according to data released tuesday  .
the security treaty between australia and indonesia signed in jakarta on monday is likely to stifle indonesia 's fledgling democracy movement , a former australian diplomat said tuesday  .
president bill clinton will meet with top republican leaders bob dole and newt gingrich tuesday to discuss the budget crisis that has partially closed the government , the white house said monday  .
king norodom sihanouk has requested that his jailed half-brother , charged with plotting to assassinate co-premier hun sen , be moved to the royal palace until he leaves for exile in france  .
jeff getty , the aids victim who underwent a risky experimental baboon cell transplant last week , was feeling fine monday , a hospital reported  .
the activities britons engage in while driving include putting on make-up , shaving , eating and drinking , writing letters , and picking their noses , according to a survey published tuesday  .
aston villa 's premiership hopes were dealt a blow monday when it was confirmed that their top scorer dwight yorke could be out until the middle of january after having an operation on his broken nose  .
un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali said monday he is willing to help yemen and eritrea peacefully resolve their dispute over red sea islands  .
south korean cabinet ministers tendered their resignations en masse tuesday , paving the way for president kim young-sam to carry out a sweeping reshuffle , television said  .
police safely removed and detonated an explosive device placed outside a federal tax building here monday , but officials said the device 's fuse had caused a partial explosion  .
australia , fresh from their massive -run win over the west indies two days ago , decided to bat after winning the toss in the world series cricket one-dayer against the west indies at the melbourne cricket ground here tuesday  .
prince norodom sirivudh ,  with plotting to assassinated co - premier hun sen , was released on bail from the ministry of interior monday into the custody of his half-brother king norodom sihanouk , police and government officials said  .
prince norodom sirivudh ,  with plotting to assassinated co - premier hun sen , was released on bail from the ministry of interior monday into the custody of his half-brother king norodom sihanouk , police and government officials said  .
the biggest zinc smelter and refinery complex in the world is to be built in the australian state of queensland by korea zinc australia , state premier wayne goss said tuesday  .
the southern chinese city of guangzhou is to follow beijing 's lead in levying punitive license fees on dog owners to cut down the number of pets , a report said tuesday  .
india is finalizing a deal to buy  su- fighter planes and six submarines from russia but the two sides are still haggling over the purchase price of an aircraft carrier , a newspaper reported tuesday  .
south korean cabinet ministers tendered their resignations en masse tuesday , paving the way for president kim young-sam to carry out a sweeping reshuffle , the premier 's office said  .
vietnam unveiled a -million-dollar program tuesday to combat rising drug use and smuggling in the country which has emerged as a transit route for opium grown in the nearby `` golden triangle  .
china will refuse to give hong kong governor chris patten a leading role in matters concerning the transfer of sovereignty of the british territory on june  ,  , reports said tuesday  .
china is to launch a  billion yuan -lrb-  .
billion dollar -rrb- project to transform its lumbering northeastern heavy industrial base into a vigorous modern manufacturing center , xinhua reported tuesday  .
rene preval , the certain winner of presidential elections in haiti , said in an interview published monday that his main aim was to inspire confidence in the country 's people  .
the bangladeshi opposition will mark the new year with protests and a new -hour strike despite renewed efforts to end the -month campaign to force the government to stand down , reports said tuesday  .
the us embassy in the philippines shut down its consular section and some other offices tuesday due to the budget impasse in washington  .
the world food program -lrb- wfp -rrb- is closing its office in pyongyang on tuesday despite signs of famine across north korea , because it has no international aid to distribute , bureau head trevor page said  .
a french academic has launched a campaign against the french names given to japan 's love hotels , where bosses and their secretaries as well as married couples seek a few hours intimacy  .
percent lower tuesday with the nikkei stock average depressed by declines on wall street overnight , brokers said  .
an israeli arab fisherman has named his son after yitzhak rabin , saying the assassinated israeli leader `` did good things for both jews and arabs , '' the israeli news agency itim reported tuesday  .
the dollar was steady against the yen here tuesday with little impact on the us unit expected from any us federal reserve decision on interest rates at a meeting later tuesday , dealers said  .
the tokyo high court on tuesday rejected an appeal by the aum supreme truth against a ruling that the doomsday sect be disbanded , japan broadcasting corp .
confessed assassin yigal amir went on trial here tuesday for the november  murder of prime minister yitzhak rabin  .
the rand stayed firm against the dollar opening here tuesday at  .
percent from a year earlier to , units in november , backed by brisk sales of its new models , but production and exports remained stagnant  .
japanese share prices closed broadly lower tuesday with the key market barometer falling  .
percent following declines on wall street overnight , brokers said  .
percent from a year earlier to , units in november , backed by brisk sales of its new models , but production and exports remained stagnant  .
japanese share prices closed broadly lower tuesday with the key market barometer falling  .
percent following declines on wall street overnight , brokers said  .
australia hit  for six off  overs in their world series cup one day game against west indies at the melbourne cricket ground on tuesday  .
the party russia 's democratic choice led by reformist former russian prime minister yegor gaidar is assured of representation in parliament after winning slightly more than the required five percent of the vote in sunday 's election , interfax news agency reported tuesday  .
an -year-old fox terrier called soda is alive and well after spending three days trapped under the bonnet -lrb- us hood -rrb- of a car as the vehicle drove more than  kilometers -lrb-  miles -rrb- , its owners said tuesday  .
president kim young-sam on tuesday visited military outposts on the demilitarized zone -lrb- dmz -rrb- and reassured frontline troops about south korea 's political turmoil , yonhap news agency said  .
schools will reopen in sri lanka on january  after a two month closure because of military operations in the country 's northern jaffna peninsula , officials said  .
the beleaguered west indies were given a five run an over target to beat australia in their latest world series cup match at melbourne cricket ground here tuesday  .
scorecard in the world series cup one-day match between australia and west indies at the melbourne cricket ground on tuesday  .
-lrb- sec -rrb- said tuesday it has set its semiconductor export target at  .
billion dollars in  , up  percent from this year , a company spokesman said  .
the trial of yigal amir , confessed assassin of prime minister yitzhak rabin , opened here tuesday and was quickly adjourned until january  to give the defense more time to prepare its case  .
the brussels-based international association of democratic lawyers plans to send a fact-finding mission to okinawa in february to study the controversial presence of us bases here , it was reported tuesday  .
afghan government troops launched a major ground offensive against the taliban militia here early tuesday , defense and army officials said  .
the tokyo high court tuesday rejected an appeal by the aum supreme truth against a lower court ruling that the cult be disbanded , paving the way for the liquidation of its assets , court officials said  .
afghan government troops launched a massive ground offensive against the fundamentalist taliban militia on a key front here early tuesday , defense and army officials said  .
president bill clinton will meet with top republican leaders bob dole and newt gingrich tuesday to discuss the budget crisis that has partially shut down the government , the white house said  .
a return to normal in french public transport continued tuesday after one of the worst strikes in memory , as the unions geared for another `` day of action '' against planned curbs in welfare spending  .
sell orders swamped major bourses across the asia pacific region tuesday after wall street took its heaviest one-day pounding in four years  .
said tuesday it would boost the number of its dealers in europe to , locations from the current , by the year  , to support expected sales growth there  .
eritrea , which captured the red sea island of hanish al-kabir , urged yemen on tuesday to await an international court ruling on its fate rather than try to take it back by force  .
only four parties were still over the five percent minimum barrier for representation in russia 's parliament on tuesday , with more than half of the vote counted , electoral commission official andrei davydov said  .
un secretary-general boutros boutros-ghali hopes to visit north korea in march to help reduce tensions on the peninsula , south korea 's un ambassador , park  , said tuesday  .
a research society for sex education has been set up in beijing to help educate ordinary people about a subject that has long been taboo in china , a report said tuesday  .
prime minister shimon peres reassured israel 's top internal security chief of his full support after the officer received an official reprimand over the security breakdown that permitted the assassination of yitzhak rabin , officials said tuesday  .
javier solana took over as new nato chief tuesday and stoutly defended continued security ties with russia despite the victory of the resurgent russian communist party in weekend elections  .
china has ordered the de-facto expulsion of a german journalist after accusing him of trying to stir up german public opinion against beijing and vilifying government leaders  .
only one percent of an estimated  million street children worldwide receive health care , according to delegates at an international conference here who said the problem needed greater priority  .
an anti-zionist song that sings the praises of palestinian leader yasser arafat 's elite security squad and promises the `` liberation '' of jerusalem and haifa has become a hit with the , arabs living in israel , a report said tuesday  .
china will refuse to give hong kong governor chris patten a leading role in matters concerning the transfer of sovereignty of the british territory on june  ,  , reports said tuesday  .
only four parties were still over the five percent minimum barrier for representation in russia 's parliament on tuesday , with the scale of the communist party 's lead growing , the electoral commission said  .
australian kostya tszyu will defend his international boxing federation junior welterweight title here outdoors next month when he makes a mandatory defense against colombian hugo pineda  .
the indian parliament , paralyzed by opposition protests for  days , briefly set aside its differences tuesday to approve a six-month extension of central rule over the strife-torn state of kashmir  .
vietnam 's official communist party mouthpiece nhan dan reacted with glee tuesday after the communists reaped the largest share of votes in the russian parliamentary elections  .
british lt general sir michael walker , the commander of nato ground forces in bosnia , flew into sarajevo tuesday a day ahead of taking up the reins for the alliance 's peace mission in the war torn republic  .
the immigration bureau on tuesday submitted to the philippine national police a list of more than  foreign students who have overstayed their visas , including  believed linked to seven suspected pakistani terrorists arrested last weekend  .
a palestinian man struck an israeli girl with a hatchet and injured her lightly in the volatile west bank town of hebron on tuesday , a military official said  .
brazilian president fernando henrique cardoso tuesday urged malaysian exporters to use brazil to gain a foothold in south america while describing malaysia as an asian gateway for brazilian firms  .
armed nigerian riot police and regular officers on tuesday sealed off the venue for a planned pro-democracy rally , which has been banned by the military regime  .
the mass circulation daily yediot aharonot published a giant photo across its front page tuesday showing yigal amir shooting prime minister yitzhak rabin in the back at point-blank range  .
the bank of portugal on tuesday lowered its key intervention rates by half a point  .
a junior high school principal was suspended by taipei 's city government tuesday for failing to discipline six male students who sexually molested female classmates for nearly two years , the deputy mayor said  .
dutch authorities are to ask france to return the  million-year-old fossil of a giant lizard allegedly stolen by french soldiers  years ago , the dutch culture ministry announced tuesday  .
prince norodom sirivudh , who is charged with plotting to assassinate co-premier hun sen , will leave cambodia for exile in france on thursday , king norodom sihanouk said  .
russian president boris yeltsin met with his prime minister viktor chernomyrdin on tuesday to discuss strategy in the wake of the communist party 's big victory in parliamentary elections  .
kenyan former member of parliament koigi wa wamwere , facing new charges , told a court monday that he and fellow dissident njuguna  feared they may not survive four-year prison sentences already imposed  .
kenyan police are investigating a spate of attacks on diplomats and thefts of their cars in nairobi to see if the opposition is involved , president daniel arap moi said  .
stocks here fell tuesday in the wake of massive overnight losses on wall street due to continued uncertainties about the us budget and lending rates , dealers said  .
bombs went off in three of corsica 's main cities overnight monday , causing damage but no injuries , police said tuesday  .
russian president boris yeltsin met prime minister viktor chernomyrdin tuesday to discuss strategy after the communist party 's big victory in parliamentary elections  .
russian forces are preparing to `` liberate '' gudermes , chechnya 's second biggest town , where rebel fighters have clashed with federal troops for nearly a week , interfax news agency reported tuesday  .
norwegian prime minister gro harlem brundtland will make an official visit to south africa in february at the invitation of president nelson mandela , the foreign ministry said tuesday  .
russia 's left-wing press uttered veiled calls for prime minister viktor chernomyrdin 's resignation tuesday , following sweeping communist election gains , while liberal newspapers lamented deep divisions between democratic parties  .
iraq blamed eritrea on tuesday for sparking the battle with yemen over a strategic red sea island and warned the fighting could open the door to us-israeli involvement in the region  .
the dollar stabilised tuesday on the european currency markets against the main currencies , above all against the mark , a day after its rout in the face of an on-going conflict over the federal budget  .
armed nigerian riot police and regular officers on tuesday sealed off the venue for a planned pro-democracy rally , which has been banned by the military regime , but the opposition vowed to stage the protest  .
human rights watchasia has urged the united states to take a stronger line against china to protest the conviction of dissident wei jingsheng  .
major asia-pacific bourses fell tuesday after wall street took its heaviest one-day pounding in four years  .
china reacted cautiously tuesday to the success of the communist party in russia 's general election , choosing instead to emphasise the good relations between the neighbouring states  .
the ruble fell by seven points to , to the dollar here on monday  .
foreign minister klaus kinkel said tuesday he `` very much deplored '' that the chinese government stood by its decision not to renew the visa of german journalist henrik bork because he wrote articles critical of the beijing regime  .
bombs went off in three of corsica 's main cities overnight monday , causing damage but no injuries , police said tuesday  .
authorities here are to amend legislation to allow prosecution of taiwanese nationals caught smuggling mainland chinese to the united states in foreign-flagged ships , the justice ministry said tuesday  .
an italian court on tuesday ordered confiscated assets worth  billion lire -lrb-  .
million dollars -rrb- suspected of belonging to two mafia godfathers , the court said here  .
sri lanka has bought six helicopters to replace aircraft shot down by tamil tigers , in an attempt to solve `` a serious logistics problem '' in its drive against the rebels , defense sources said tuesday  .
yasser arafat 's palestinian authority met with hamas hardliners here tuesday to try to persuade them to take part in historic self-rule elections next month  .
the commander of nato ground forces in bosnia , british lieutenant general sir michael walker , flew into sarajevo tuesday , a day ahead of taking up the reins for the alliance 's peace mission in the war torn republic  .
former tanzanian president julius nyerere was awarded the first international gandhi peace prize on tuesday for bringing about social , economic and political transformation through non-violence  .
the british government 's controversial plans to privatise the country 's rail network took a decisive step forward tuesday with the sell-off of the first rail line to pass into private hands  .
china has awarded framatome of france and other french firms contracts worth  million dollars to help equip a nuclear power plant in the east of the country , french industrial sources said tuesday  .
the brussels-based international association of democratic lawyers plans to send a fact-finding mission to okinawa in february to study the presence of us bases there , it was reported tuesday  .
the president of the world 's biggest building group , bouygues , was held for questioning tuesday in connection with payments made into the swiss bank accounts of lyon businessman pierre  , judicial sources said  .
a court here sentenced a brother-in-law of iranian leader ayatollah ali khamenei to  years imprisonment `` in exile '' for collaborating with iraq , the official news agency irna reported tuesday  .
staff of the belgian airline sabena launched a surprise weekly strike on tuesday to coincide with a strike on the belgian railway network  .
a christmas tree given to the city of belfast by president bill clinton will be burned in the new year because of fears that it may spread disease to local forests , council workers announced tuesday  .
there is no link between the argentine military and the bombing last year of a jewish center here , despite the arrest of several soldiers earlier this month , judicial sources said here  .
a catholic priest in southern germany has collected  different language texts of the christmas carol `` silent night , holy night ''  .
a venezuelan plane bound for rome with  people on board made an emergency landing tuesday in the canary islands and  people were admitted to hospital with minor injuries , airport authorities said  .
qatar 's emir sheikh hamad ibn khalifa al-thani and palestinian leader yasser arafat on tuesday called on israel to withdraw from all arab land  .
a movement of burundian hutu rebels on tuesday accused the army , dominated by the tutsi minority , of assassinating a member of parliament found dead in the boot of his car  .
a pensioner caused panic at a residential home after trying to  a christmas pudding in a microwave oven , firemen said tuesday  .
the sncf state-owned rail company has lost an estimated  .
billion francs -lrb- , dollars -rrb- due to the strike which paralyzed france for more than three weeks , an official source said tuesday  .
norwegian prime minister gro harlem brundtland will make an official visit to south africa in february at the invitation of president nelson mandela , the foreign ministry announced tuesday  .
the president of the iranian parliament ali akbar nategh nuri is a likely successor to president ali akbar hashemi rafsanjani in the next elections , a senior official said tuesday  .
china on tuesday lashed the european union for criticising the -year jail term handed down last week to the country 's best-known dissident , wei jingsheng  .
rescue workers said tuesday that they had found the wreckage of a tupolev- airliner which crashed  days ago in siberia and confirmed that there were no survivors among the  people on board  .
unidentified gunmen on tuesday shot and badly wounded adalberto costa , a journalist with official radio luanda , at his home in the angolan capital , the national angop news agency reported  .
the tokyo high court tuesday rejected an appeal by aum supreme truth of a lower court ruling that the doomsday cult be disbanded , paving the way for the liquidation of its assets , court officials said  .
the south korean parliament on tuesday passed a historic law allowing the indictment of former army officers , including jailed ex-president chun doo-hwan , who were involved in a  coup  .
indonesia is reopening its representative office in cuba after a decade , appointing a charge d'affaires tuesday , the official antara news agency said  .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- has introduced a law  the activities of foreign auditors in a drive to nationalise jobs and reduce reliance on its large expatriate population  .
rescue workers said tuesday that they had found the wreckage of a tupolev- airliner which crashed  days ago in siberia and confirmed that there were no survivors among the  people on board  .
a decline in oil earnings coupled with higher government expenditure boosted abu dhabi 's budget deficit by nearly four times in  , according to an official report  .
chinese vice premier zhu rongji paid a morale-boosting visit to the shanghai stock exchange -lrb- sse -rrb- on tuesday as it celebrated its fifth anniversary , exchange officials said  .
french state-owned television will broadcast the amateur video of the assassination of israeli premier yitzhak rabin tuesday evening , officials said  .
the political party of  former head of state david dacko has filed a complaint in the supreme court against president ange - felix patasse , accusing him of violating the constitution  .
prince norodom sirivudh , who is charged with plotting to assassinate co-premier hun sen , will leave cambodia for exile in france on thursday , king norodom sihanouk said  .
prime minister john major 's claim that britain would not have to rejoin europe 's exchange rate mechanism -lrb- erm -rrb- to qualify for a single currency is purely his personal opinion , not something that has been agreed by eu states , the european commission said on tuesday  .
india 's ruling congress -lrb- i -rrb- party , under attack by the opposition over privatisation of the telephone system , said tuesday that it would allow a parliamentary investigation into the controversy  .
an ankara court has passed the death sentence on four members of the extreme left group dev-sol found guilty of killing former justice minister mehmet  , the anatolia news agency said tuesday  .
italian alberto tomba , shrugged off his legal problems to win his first world cup race of the year by taking the slalom here on tuesday  .
the west indies remained without a win in the world series cup limited-over cricket tournament after a fighting -run defeat to australia at the melbourne cricket ground here tuesday  .
scorecard in the world series cup cricket one-day match between australia and the west indies at the melbourne cricket ground here tuesday  .
a venezuelan plane with  people on board made an emergency landing early tuesday in the canary islands , and seven injured passengers were still in hospital as of midday , airport officials said  .
the west indies ' batting , its inherent weakness so far on tour , rekindled some of its former glory , but it was not enough for the caribbean tourists to break their duck in the world series cup cricket tournament here tuesday  .
no further cases of ebola fever have come to light in liberia , ivory coast and angola since a liberian was admitted to hospital in ivory coast suffering from the disease , the un world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- said tuesday  .
japanese challenger shinji takehara dethroned jorge castro of argentina as world boxing association middleweight champion by an unanimous points victory here tuesday  .
president bill clinton 's point man on bosnia , richard holbrooke , will leave his post at the state department to return to new york and spend time with his family , the washington post reported tuesday  .
syria said tuesday it hoped peace talks with israel next week will produce `` tangible results '' which would also lead to progress on the lebanese track  .
oman 's post of deputy prime minister for financial and economic affairs will now be split into two jobs whose holders will have the rank of minister , sultan qaboos announced on tuesday  .
sri lanka tuesday said it was lifting a censorship edict imposed on the country 's domestic media three months ago before it launched its biggest military offensive against tamil tiger guerrillas  .
france on tuesday urged yemen and eritrea to show `` the greatest of restraint '' as yemeni warplanes launched a new wave of attacks against eritrean forces who captured a disputed red sea island  .
former italian premier silvio berlusconi said tuesday he intended to hold talks with parties of all political hues in a bid to force early elections in italy  .
us negotiator richard holbrooke will travel to cyprus next month to help broker a peace agreement between turkish and greek cypriots on the divided mediterranean island , the state department said tuesday  .
italian alberto tomba , shrugged off his legal problems to win his first world cup race of the year by taking the slalom here on tuesday  .
france began counting the costs of its three-week strike on tuesday , with employers saying french firms will have lost some  billion francs -lrb- four billion dollars -rrb- , in a severe brake on the economy  .
the german man who invented the first true computer , konrad  , has died of heart failure at the age of  , a municipal spokesman said tuesday  .
boeing , the world 's top aircraft maker which is recovering from a strike , announced tuesday it planned to accelerate its production of commercial airliners in the fourth quarter of   .
the british industrial conglomerate btr announced tuesday it has agreed to sell its sports equipment subsidiary dunlop  to the venture capital group cinven  .
a plane taking foreign minister klaus kinkel for a one-day visit to bosnia was unable to land in sarajevo on tuesday because of heavy fog , forcing him to return to bonn , the foreign ministry said  .
former pakistani army chief aslam beg urged the government tuesday to accelerate the country 's nuclear program following a report that india was preparing to conduct a nuclear test  .
qatar 's foreign minister sheikh hamad ibn jassem al-thani left here for sanaa on tuesday to try to mediate an end to fighting between yemen and eritrea over a red sea island , qatari officials said  .
israeli police warned the public on tuesday to beware of letter bombs during the christmas season  .
some  jewish settlers hurled stones at palestinians in the volatile west bank town of hebron in retaliation for a hatchet attack on an israeli girl on tuesday , palestinian sources said  .
syrian vice president abdel halim khaddam on tuesday hailed israel 's new `` positive direction '' in peace negotiations between the two countries and said he hoped it would produce tangible results  .
the federal reserve 's open market committee opened its last meeting of the year here tuesday with hopes for a cut in interest rates dampened by the latest federal budget crisis  .
gerry adams , leader of the irish republican army 's political wing sinn fein , met tuesday with britain 's northern ireland secretary sir patrick mayhew following the adjournment of the mitchell arms commission until next month  .
moslem militants tuesday detonated two bombs at the residence of a top kashmiri leader , while the death of a militant leader sparked protests in the troubled indian state , police said  .
deutsche bank broke ranks with german banks on tuesday by announcing that it would present its annual report for  under international accounting standards in a move that might herald a high dividend  .
sheffield united manager howard kendall swooped on former club manchester city on tuesday to make dutch defender michel vonk his first signing since taking over at the first division strugglers last week  .
yemen said tuesday it supported any diplomatic initiative to settle its conflict with eritrea , denying its warplanes launched a fresh attack on a red sea island captured monday by eritrean troops  .
nigerian riot police tuesday used tear-gas to break up a pro-democracy rally , witnesses said , but opposition  claimed success for the protest  .
un mediator thorvald stoltenberg said tuesday he doubted whether a durable peace can be achieved in bosnia in one year and urged a longer presence for the peace implementation force -lrb- ifor -rrb- now deploying there  .
foreign ministers from eight commonwealth countries were meeting here tuesday to discuss ways of stepping up pressure on nigeria 's military rulers to restore human rights and democratic rule , the commonwealth secretary-general announced  .
blackburn 's injury problems mounted on tuesday with the news that england under- defender ian pearce faces more surgery on his ankle  .
austrian chancellor franz vranitzky 's government went through the constitutional motions of resigning tuesday , but it was expected to be back in power soon after his party 's victory in sunday 's elections  .
italian alberto tomba , shrugged off his legal problems to win his first world cup race of the year by taking the slalom here on tuesday  .
blue-chip shares rebounded tuesday on wall street with dealers consolidating positions a day after worries over the federal budget crisis sparked the worst plunge in share prices here in four years  .
russia 's upper house of parliament approved tuesday the government 's budget for  , interfax news agency reported  .
with a bosnian peace treaty crowning his diplomatic career , president bill clinton 's pointman for the balkans , richard holbrooke , decided the time had come to leave his post at the state department  .
a call for a two-day boycott of shell products in south africa by a nigerian support group appeared to have received little support , shell communications manager pieter cronje said tuesday  .
the dollar firmed against major currencies except the pound early tuesday , driven by technical purchases in the absence of any new factors  .
the wave of labor protests against proposed severe cuts in social spending that has paralyzed france this month forced a downward revision tuesday of oecd growth projections for the french economy  .
italian alberto tomba , shrugged off his legal problems to win his first world cup race of the year by taking the slalom here on tuesday  .
british foreign minister malcolm rifkind announced cuts of  .
million pounds -lrb- eight million dollars -rrb- in its funding of the bbc world service tuesday but said that cuts would not hit transmissions around the world  .
iranian leader ayatollah ali khamenei on tuesday pardoned or reduced the jail sentences of , prisoners to mark a moslem religious feast , state television reported  .
the frankfurt stock market nosedived on tuesday in the wake of wall street and of a weak bond market , as the dax index gave up  .
twenty-eight countries on tuesday agreed to set up a new multilateral body to control weapons exports , replacing the defunct cold war body cocom , the dutch economics ministry said  .
yemen said it would accept diplomatic efforts to settle a conflict over a red sea island captured by eritrea , while imposing a news blackout on its military operations on tuesday  .
prince norodom sirivudh , charged with plotting to assassinate second prime minister hun sen , will leave cambodia for exile in france on thursday , king norodom sihanouk said tuesday  .
red-and-white striped boxer shorts worn by sylvester stallone in the film `` rocky '' were auctioned off for , dollars at a christie 's auction here , a spokesperson said tuesday  .
rochdale hornets forward tony hilton was suspended for three months by the rugby league on tuesday after testing positive for the banned substance ephedrine  .
a spiritual leader of egypt 's moslems called for a ban on tv broadcasts of women 's sports and for music to be kept out of the theater , a newspaper reported tuesday  .
an egyptian court ordered tuesday that two high school girls be allowed to attend classes wearing the islamic headscarf after their principal had barred them  .
us president bill clinton sought to calm market jitters tuesday ahead of talks with republican congressional leaders on their bitter budget battle that has again closed much of the federal government  .
china has ordered the de-facto expulsion of a german journalist after accusing him of trying to stir up german public opinion against beijing and vilifying government leaders  .
blue-chip prices held steady tuesday one day after worries over the federal budget crisis sparked the worst plunge in share prices here in four years  .
french group alcatel-alsthom and germany 's daimler-benz group have just signed agreements for transfer of two divisions of daimler-benz subsidiary aeg to cegelec and gec-alsthom , alcatel-alsthom announced in paris on tuesday  .
copper prices slumped tuesday on the london metal exchange -lrb- lme -rrb- as traders liquidated their positions after a large stock increase in lme warehouses , but prices later recovered slightly on short-covering  .
russia 's  budget , a key part of the government 's attempt to revive the economy , won approval in the upper house of parliament tuesday , in a vote that came two days after the communist party came out the leader in lower-house elections  .
boeing , the world 's top aircraft maker currently recovering from a strike , said tuesday it planned to step up production of commercial airliners in the fourth quarter of   .
with five days to go before turkey 's parliamentary elections , prime minister tansu ciller and her main centre-right rival , mesut yilmaz , are playing the anti-fundamentalist card as they step up their fight for the floating voter  .
red-and-white striped boxer shorts worn by sylvester stallone in the film `` rocky '' were auctioned off for , dollars at a christie 's auction here , a spokesperson said tuesday  .
the wave of labor protests against proposed severe cuts in social spending that paralyzed france this month forced a downward revision tuesday of oecd growth projections for the french economy  .
nigeria tuesday obstructed an investigation into its rights record as it appeared before the second extraordinary session of a two-day organisation of african unity 's -lrb- oau 's -rrb- african commission of human and people 's rights  .
a drought in brazil 's southern rio grande do sul state will ruin about  percent of the area 's soybean harvest initially expected to reach  .
vatican foreign minister jean-louis tauran met tuesday with the palestine liberation organization 's representative in east jerusalem , faisal husseini  .
ukraine will sign an agreement with the group of seven industrialised nations wednesday that will pave the way for the closure of the chernobyl nuclear plant by the year   .
the dollar gained a little ground against other major currencies on tuesday on the london foreign exchange market while waiting for news about a meeting the same day of the policy-making federal reserve open market committee  .
british prime minister john major faced a revolt in the house of commons tuesday as  conservative members of parliament threatened to vote against his policy on european fish quotas  .
the israeli army on tuesday ordered the destruction of the west bank home of a palestinian suicide bomber who killed three israelis and an american on a jerusalem bus in august , relatives said  .
english and italian clubs will continue applying the  rule in domestic competitions until further notice while their lawyers study the implications of the historic jean  case  .
scores of bodies of civilians are lying in the streets of gudermes where rebel fighters have clashed with federal troops for nearly a week , witnesses told afp tuesday  .
embattled prime minister alain juppe 's popularity has risen slightly over the last month , despite the social crisis that has gripped france , a opinion poll released tuesday suggested  .
philippe sella , who holds a world record  international caps , announced his retirement from international rugby on tuesday  .
israeli television broadcast for the first time on tuesday a graphic video showing the assassination of prime minister yitzhak rabin  .
iraqi vice premier tarek aziz and french prime minister alain juppe will hold talks here wednesday in which paris is expected to press baghdad to accept a un resolution allowing it to export crude oil to buy humanitarian goods  .
arthur jorge , former coach of porto , paris st germain , benfica and portugal , takes over from englishman roy hodgson as switzerland 's national football manager  .
a shooting tuesday near the bronx zoo in new york left at least four people dead and five wounded , a police spokesman said  .
philippe sella , who holds a world record  international caps , announced his retirement from international rugby on tuesday  .
scotland 's colin montgomerie , who won the european tour order of merit for a third successive season , landed the prestigious johnnie walker golfer of the year award for  on tuesday  .
an israeli-backed militiaman was wounded in a bomb attack claimed by the shiite moslem fundamentalist group hezbollah in south lebanon on tuesday , sources close to the militia said  .
the head of the united arab emirates ' armed forces , sheikh mohamed ben zayed al  , arrived in paris on tuesday for talks with defense minister charles millon , the ministry said  .
us financial markets , jittery after a stormy session monday fueled by uncertainty over the federal budget crisis , waited tuesday to see whether the federal reserve would cut interest rates  .
a lockheed electra turbo-prop airliner crashed in jamba , northern angola , on monday , killing  of the  passengers on board , officials said tuesday  .
britain is among three major european countries where growth has slowed sharply since the summer , but should see average annual gdp growth of some  .
percent over the next two years , the oecd said tuesday  .
the family of richard nixon , who resigned in disgrace in  over the watergate scandal , is blasting a new film on the former president 's life as `` character assassination  .
a lockheed electra turbo-prop airliner crashed in jamba , northern angola , on monday , killing  of the  passengers on board , officials said tuesday in neighbouring zaire  .
nato 's new secretary-general , javier solana , plans to visit bosnia - hercegovina in the near future , probably next month , diplomats said here tuesday  .
two norwegian pilots sentenced to a year in prison by somaliland authorities earlier this week after they landed illegally in the rebel territory have been pardoned and are to be released , a foreign ministry spokesman here said tuesday  .
a key french union called tuesday for another day of action on thursday to coincide with a `` social summit '' called by prime minister alain juppe to discuss the issues behind france 's recent strike crisis  .
truckloads of weapons and military equipment were seized and three men belonging to a paramilitary group were arrested on suspicion of plotting to invade cuba , the fbi confirmed tuesday  .
the scottish football association said tuesday it has been swamped by applications to join their official travel club which enables scotland fans to secure tickets for the european championship  .
france is insisting on maintaining strict border controls for the present time , european affairs minister michel barnier announced tuesday in a new blow to europe 's fledgling  agreement  .
egyptian president hosni mubarak offered tuesday to help eritrea and yemen solve their conflict over a red sea island without further bloodshed  .
twenty-eight countries on tuesday agreed to set up a new multilateral body to control weapons exports , replacing the defunct cold war body cocom , the dutch economics ministry announced  .
british prime minister john major suffered a humiliating setback tuesday night when the house of commons defeated his fisheries policy by a narrow margin  .
israel denied on tuesday that it had offered to pull out of the strategic golan heights within months to strike a peace deal with syria  .
president bill clinton on tuesday slapped his third veto in two days on a spending measure sent to him by the republican-led congress in their dispute over balancing the federal budget  .
european agriculture ministers agreed tuesday on a  percent reduction in guaranteed prices for rice production for a three-year period beginning in  , the spanish presidency of the european union announced  .
million dollars -lrb-  million us -rrb- worth of hashish hidden inside cans of mushrooms shipped from the netherlands , the government said tuesday  .
france is insisting on maintaining strict border controls for now , european affairs minister michel barnier announced tuesday in a new blow to europe 's fledgling  agreement  .
a conservative member of parliament failed tuesday in his attempt to sue britain 's sunday times newspaper for calling him a homosexual , a liar and a hypocrite  .
the united states , eritrea and any other countries supporting southern rebels are committing `` aggression '' against sudan , a foreign ministry official said tuesday  .
five people have been arrested for the murder of a pro-syrian islamic fundamentalist sheikh , nizar halabi , in the lebanese capital on august  , the army said tuesday  .
the deployment of us troops to enforce the peace in bosnia -- already behind schedule due to bad weather -- continues to remain behind the  schedule , the pentagon admitted tuesday  .
president lech walesa , only two days away from handing over power to his elected successor , on tuesday convened a crisis meeting of top aides , before announcing that he wanted an official inquiry into the activities of the prime minister , jozef oleksy  .
notes subpoenaed from a white house aide suggest that first lady hillary clinton was more involved in the whitewater affair than she has acknowledged , the washington post reported tuesday  .
the honduran government formally protested tuesday what it called a `` flagrant violation '' by nicaragua in arresting more than  people for alleged illegal fishing in caribbean waters  .
fifteen passengers suffered cuts and broken bones when a venezuelan airliner suddenly lost altitude on hitting a huge air pocket over the atlantic , the plane 's pilot said after landing here tuesday  .
the first mission led by the us military in iraq to recover the remains of a pilot downed in the gulf war ended without success , the pentagon said tuesday  .
an egyptian accused in a vast terrorist plot against the united states led by sheikh omar abdel rahman was sentenced tuesday to  months in prison , court officials said  .
a man was shot dead in a catholic area of central belfast tuesday , the second killing in the city in as many days , police said  .
hans-dietrich genscher , who for  years was almost synonymous with non-communist germany 's foreign policy , was hospitalised with bronchitis at the weekend , but his condition is not considered serious , a genscher aide said tuesday  .
president bill clinton 's approval rating sagged against senate majority leader bob dole , the man heading his party 's challenge to unseat clinton next november , according to a poll released tuesday  .
the dollar gained slightly on the federal reserve board decision to drop a quarter point on the federal funds rate to  .
us president bill clinton met with republican leaders for two hours tuesday to discuss their impasse over the budget which has shut down the government  .
rajko kasagic , the recently appointed `` prime minister '' of the bosnian serbs , on tuesday called on his fellow serbs to cooperate with the nato-led implementation force -lrb- ifor -rrb- that is being sent to the country  .
us secretary of state warren christopher called his russian counterpart andrei kozyrev to congratulate him on his victory in the russian parliamentary elections sunday , us officials said tuesday  .
president bill clinton and republican leaders agreed tuesday to reopen negotiations to get a budget plan by the end of the year and end the impasse which has sparked a four-day government shutdown  .
six people were shot dead tuesday during a botched robbery attempt by a lone gunman at a new york shoe store , the second major case of violence to hit the city this month , police said  .
rangers dropped two vital championship points in the scottish premier division tuesday night when they were held to a goalless draw at struggling motherwell  .
president bill clinton and republican leaders agreed tuesday to reopen negotiations to get a budget plan by the end of the year and end the impasse which has sparked a four-day government shutdown  .
the nigerian head of state , general sani abacha , tuesday here swore in the new supreme court president , muhammed    .
police arrested  jewish settlers for acts of vandalism against palestinians in the west bank town of hebron after a hatchet attack on an israeli girl on tuesday , israel 's news agency itim said  .
the state department sidestepped queries tuesday about a report that north korea may sell scud missiles to peru , tersely quoting an official peruvian embassy denial that plans for such a sale exist  .
britain 's unbeaten richie woodhall will defend his european middleweight title against  salvador yanez of germany in the new year  .
five people were shot dead and three others wounded tuesday during a botched robbery attempt by a lone gunman at a new york shoe store , the city 's second major case of violence this month , police said  .
- yen here in early morning trading wednesday , compared with  .
polaroid corporation said tuesday it will shed , jobs and take a  million dollar special pre-tax charge as part of restructuring plans  .
gunfire erupted at a new york shoe store tuesday , leaving five people dead and four others wounded in the city 's second mass murder outbreak this month , police said  .
share prices opened higher on the tokyo stock exchange on wednesday , with the nikkei stock average rising  .
british home secretary michael howard is to visit india , pakistan and bangladesh in two-week mission focusing on the problems of illegal immigration , drug-trafficking and race relations  .
yemen accused eritrea on tuesday of refusing to negotiate on their territorial dispute over a group of red sea islands that has turned into armed conflict  .
yugoslav president zoran lilic said tuesday he was satisfied with his ongoing official visit to china and praised his hosts for their `` principled policy '' on former yugoslavia  .
us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of  .
simpson , the football great acquitted of double murder charges , will have to open his financial records to lawyers for the family of a murder victim who has filed a wrongful death suit against him , a judge ruled tuesday  .
rajko kasagic , the recently appointed prime minister of the bosnian serbs , urged tuesday his fellow serbs to cooperate with the nato-led implementation force -lrb- ifor -rrb- that is being sent to bosnia-hercegovina  .
the us state of massachusetts declared war on the tobacco industry tuesday , alleging in a billion-dollar lawsuit that six companies misled the public about their disease-causing products  .
`` loyalty '' agreements signed by dozens of britain 's top rugby league players for the launch of the super league mean that media magnate rupert murdoch 's news corporation has a veto over transfers , the independent newspaper reported wednesday  .
south korean president kim young-sam on wednesday carried out a sweeping cabinet reshuffle appointing unification minister rha  - bae to head the powerful economy and finance ministry  .
japanese share prices rose sharply here on wednesday morning on active buying following the rally overnight on wall street , brokers said  .
pakistan scored  for four against new zealand in the third of four one-day internationals here wednesday , setting the home side a run rate of  .
south korean president kim young-sam on wednesday carried out a sweeping cabinet reshuffle appointing unification minister rha  - bae to head the powerful economy and finance ministry  .
scoreboard of the pakistan innings in the third of four one-day internationals against new zealand at the basin reserve here wednesday  .
chinese vice premier zhu rongji called for tighter supervision of china 's experimental stock market and greater law enforcement during a visit to shanghai tuesday , a newspaper reported wednesday  .
the south korean stock market welcomed wednesday 's cabinet reshuffle with a sharp rebound , riding on expectation that new economic and finance minister rha woong-bae will pursue a growth-oriented policy  .
the asian development bank -lrb- adb -rrb- and leading us insurer  holdings inc .
announced wednesday the formation of asia 's first financial guarantee company to ease access to capital markets for regional borrowers  .
bank of france governor jean-claude trichet agreed to rethink a plan to sack  employees , a third of the staff , after some  workers invaded talks with unions and stayed for eight hours  .
around  workers at a south korean shoe factory in vietnam staged a strike last week in protest at low wages in the latest incident of industrial unrest , a report said wednesday  .
the chinese basketball association said wednesday it had punished a third player in its new professional league for taking part in a fee - paying non-league tournament without its authorisation  .
president bill clinton late tuesday vetoed a bill aimed at curbing lawsuits by fraud victims , saying he `` supports the goals '' of the legislation but was unwilling to sign it  .
foreign banks have nearly doubled their share of the total assets in the vietnamese banking system in the past year , signalling a sharp rise in their business activities here , a report said wednesday  .
south korean president kim young-sam on wednesday carried out a major cabinet reshuffle designed to help the government emerge from the turmoil prompted by the arrest of kim 's immediate predecessors  .
pakistan has expressed concern over a report that india intended to test its surface-to-surface prithvi missile , which followed an earlier reported indian plan to conduct a nuclear test , the associated press of pakistan said wednesday  .
china has banned the registration of ``  '' as a trademark after the release of a flurry products on the mainland aimed at cashing in on hong kong 's return to chinese rule , it was reported wednesday  .
south korean prosecutors will indict disgraced former presidents chun doo-hwan and roh tae-woo on thursday on charges of insurrection , yonhap news agency said  .
percent higher wednesday , with the nikkei stock average getting a boost from renewed buying and short-covering triggered by the rally overnight in new york , brokers said  .
the dollar was steady against the yen and the mark here wednesday , with investors largely ignoring the impact of the us rate cut overnight , dealers said  .
sleek australian maxi yacht brindabella is favorite to outstrip the field of  and take line honors in the gruelling sydney-hobart ocean race set for a spectacular start here on december   .
japanese share prices closed broadly higher wednesday , with the key market barometer rising  .
percent on renewed buying and short - covering triggered by a rally in new york overnight , brokers said  .
the rand dropped slightly against the dollar opening here wednesday at  after tuesday 's close of  .
the un security council late tuesday ordered peacekeepers to remain in cyprus six more months and asked the un chief to consider an eventual restructuring of one of the oldest un peacekeeping missions  .
south korea will pledge one million dollars towards the rehabilitation in the war-torn bosnia region on wednesday , a foreign ministry spokesman said here  .
prosecutors on wednesday summoned the daughter and son-in-law of jailed former president roh tae-woo for questioning on the existence of alleged secret bank accounts , yonhap news agency said  .
the philippines is to step up security and is negotiating an extradition treaty with pakistan to boost manila 's defenses against international terrorism , president fidel ramos said wednesday  .
moslem guerrillas from two rebel factions have surrendered to the philippine army in the south , the official philippine news agency -lrb- pna -rrb- reported wednesday  .
israel is willing to compromise on its demand for a land-based early warning system on the golan heights if the strategic plateau is returned to syria as part of an overall peace agreement , a senior israeli official was quoted wednesday as saying  .
a chinese woman who had a second child in violation of china 's strict family planning policy has been fined , yuan -lrb- , dollars -rrb- , the liaoning legal news reported  .
prince norodom sirivudh , who has been charged with plotting to assassinate co-premier hun sen , was issued a french visa wednesday as he prepared to leave cambodia thursday for life in exile , officials said  .
yigal amir , the jewish extremist and confessed  of yitzhak rabin , has been jailed at a top-security prison in the negev desert pending resumption of his trial next month , officials said wednesday  .
percent higher on strong overseas buying wednesday in response to us federal reserve 's move to lower interest rates , dealers said  .
prosecutors on wednesday summoned the daughter and son-in-law of jailed former president roh tae-woo for questioning on the existence of alleged secret bank accounts overseas  .
president fidel ramos has ordered the philippine military and police to implement a ban on the manufacture , acquisition and deployment of land mines , press undersecretary marcelo  said wednesday  .
palestinian leader yasser arafat arrived in the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- on wednesday on his first visit to the oil-rich gulf nation since the  iraqi invasion of kuwait , officials said  .
prince norodom sirivudh , who has been charged with plotting to assassinate co-premier hun sen , was issued a french visa wednesday as he prepared to leave cambodia thursday for life in exile , officials said  .
percent on strong overseas buying wednesday following the us federal reserve 's move to lower its funds target rate , dealers said  .
the bodies of four russian pilots who crashed their sukhoi- fighter jets near cam ranh in central vietnam after an air show have been recovered by rescue workers , interfax news agency said wednesday  .
swedish automaker volvo 's wholly-owned subsidiary  , which groups volvo 's activities not related to its core business sectors , will sell the swedish security and care company  , volvo said wednesday  .
the white house and republican leaders agreed to resume negotiations possibly as early as wednesday to get a balanced budget , with a pledge from president bill clinton to take part personally in the talks  .
hong kong wants strictly defined limits on anti-subversion laws in the territory to respond to public fears over threats to freedom of expression after  , governor chris patten said wednesday  .
russian foreign minister andrei kozyrev won a seat in parliament in the arctic murmansk region in sunday 's election , the electoral commission said wednesday  .
two opposition taiwanese political parties wednesday held their second round of reconciliation talks despite protests and backlash from within one of the parties  .
legislative elections opened wednesday in mauritius with the labor - led opposition favorite to win , despite the so-called `` economic miracle '' achieved by the outgoing administration of sir anerood jugnauth  .
has begun a new life in israel , at the age of  , becoming the oldest immigrant in the history of the jewish state  .
percent in november compared with the previous month and were down  .
percent on an annual basis , the federal statistics office announced wednesday  .
as the leading multinational company that does business in asia , a hong kong-based weekly magazine said wednesday  .
north korea is showing classic signs of a looming famine , with people forced to scavenge in the fields for roots and leaves , the world food programme 's -lrb- wfp -rrb- main representative in pyongyang , trevor page , said here wednesday  .
north korea on wednesday accused us and south korean troops of preparing for war on the korean peninsula `` with an  intention to unfold a showdown of strength  .
russian foreign minister andrei kozyrev retained his parliament seat in the arctic murmansk region in legislative elections at the weekend , the electoral commission said wednesday  .
five women and three children died when an armed gang raided two homes in southern kwazulu-natal in what police believe was a politically - motivated attack , sapa news agency reported wednesday  .
the foreign correspondents club -lrb- fcc -rrb- of china protested wednesday after the chinese government effectively expelled a german journalist and refused to explain why  .
israeli authorities opened a by-pass road around bethlehem early wednesday so jewish settlers living south of this town can reach jerusalem without passing through palestinian territory  .
the un security council has threatened to withdraw the un mission from the western sahara if an agreement on a referendum on the future of the territory is not reached in the next few weeks  .
britain 's non-european union trade deficit fell to  million pounds -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- in november , down from  .
billion pounds one month earlier -lrb- revised figure -rrb- , the central statistical office announced wednesday  .
below-par west indian captain richie richardson is considering a shift down the batting order for the remainder of the world series cup to regain his lapsed batting form  .
shares rose sharply here wednesday , following overnight gains on wall street which was boosted by a  .
percent cut in base rates by the federal reserve bank , dealers said  .
pete sampras and steffi graf have been named international tennis federation 's world champions for   .
asian stock markets surged wednesday after the us federal reserve 's move to lower its federal funds target rate eased uncertainty and raised hopes of an influx of overseas funds , dealers said  .
the head of the world 's biggest building group , bouygues , was kept in custody wednesday a day after being arrested in a corruption investigation , judicial sources said  .
the bundesbank held liquidity steady on wednesday under a repurchase arrangement at a new fixed rate of  .
israel has received more than , dollars from frozen iraqi bank accounts to cover damages suffered from iraqi missile attacks during the  gulf war , the foreign ministry said wednesday  .
the franc rallied against the mark and share prices rose by  .
percent on wednesday despite warnings by a union leader that the outlook for this week 's `` social summit '' were grim  .
the formal transfer of responsibility for peacekeeping in bosnia from the united nations to nato took place here wednesday  .
the ruble fell by five points to , to the dollar on wednesday  .
, part of india 's reliance group of industries , announced a  .
-billion-dollar scheme wednesday to build one of the world 's largest oil refineries  .
the number of foreign tourists to visit india has crossed the two - million mark for the first time , the government said wednesday  .
the luanda government has freed  political prisoners in the southwestern town of menongue in an operation supervised by red cross officials , the national angop news agency reported wednesday  .
philippine transportation secretary jesus garcia on wednesday called on the united states federal aviation authority -lrb- faa -rrb- to stop rating the airports of other countries on safety and security  .
hoechst marion roussel -lrb-  -rrb- , a unit of the hoechst chemical group , published on wednesday details of a plan to shed , jobs  .
the head of the world 's biggest construction conglomerate , bouygues , was kept in custody wednesday a day after being held for questioning in a corruption investigation , judicial sources said  .
the peruvian army has launched a bold offensive against a shining path stronghold in the amazon jungle , after the maoist guerrilla group under new leadership renewed its campaign of anti-government violence  .
a top economic institute on wednesday slashed its forecast for growth of the german economy next year to  .
algerian president liamine zeroual had talks wednesday with french parliamentary speaker philippe seguin , who arrived here in the morning , officials said  .
an organisation of african unity -lrb- oau -rrb- commission decided at a meeting here to send a delegation to nigeria to probe human rights in the west african nation  .
two orbiting us military satellites have established direct communications without the aid of ground equipment for the first time in history , the pentagon said  .
mark ilott ripped through a hapless south african university selection , the combined tertiary xi , claiming four wickets by lunch at the start of a three-day game here wednesday  .
the dollar fell slightly on the european currency markets early wednesday , losing some of the gains notched up after the american federal reserve cut its rates , while the french franc gained almost a  against the mark  .
an official yemeni newspaper on wednesday warned eritrea to withdraw from a red sea island or risk being driven out , amid regional concerns the conflict could undermine stability and trade with asia  .
the sole reactor at the  nuclear power plant in ukraine was reconnected to the electricity grid wednesday after a leak of hydrogen , the state nuclear energy committee said , cited by interfax  .
the nato-led implementation force -lrb- ifor -rrb- wednesday took over peacekeeping operations in bosnia from the united nations with a one - year mandate to enforce the peace accord for the former yugoslav republic  .
an air force f-e fighter jet crashed during a practice flight in central taiwan wednesday , the defense ministry said  .
a newsletter editor was sentenced tuesday to five months in prison and fined the equivalent of , dollars for a tongue-in-cheek article describing rwanda as uganda 's th district  .
vietnam on wednesday reacted with reserve to the communist victory in russia 's elections , expressing hope that the country would develop with stability , but saying the polls had been an internal matter  .
the syrian parliament has approved a bill granting amnesty to more than , prisoners , most jailed for `` economic '' crimes , the syrian press reported on wednesday  .
palestinian leader yasser arafat arrived in the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- on wednesday on his first visit to the oil-rich gulf nation since the  iraqi invasion of kuwait , officials said  .
a bomb exploded in a cafe in the west algerian town of mostaganem on wednesday , wounding  people , three of them seriously , security officials announced  .
hamas hardliners on wednesday refused to budge over their boycott of historic palestinian elections on the third day of reconciliation talks here with yasser arafat 's palestinian authority  .
the nato-led implementation force -lrb- ifor -rrb- now has , troops in bosnia , the alliance 's new secretary general , javier solana , said on wednesday  .
the french oil company total on wednesday signed a major deal with moscow to tap an oil deposit in russia 's arctic region  .
turkey on wednesday welcomed efforts by `` friendly countries '' to broker a peace agreement for cyprus as us negotiator richard holbrooke prepared to visit the divided mediterranean island  .
the crimean parliament on wednesday accepted prime minister anatoly  's resignation following his election to the ukranian parliament  .
a huge bear from one of moscow 's two circuses , who had not been muzzled by his trainer , killed a circus employee in moscow , itar-tass said monday  .
a would-be hijacker on a bus near the moldovan town of  was arrested by passengers after they noticed that his gun was made of wood , interfax said  .
a un refugee agency wednesday began overseeing distribution of non - food relief items to the thousands of tamil refugees in sri lanka 's embattled north , officials said  .
britain 's non-european union trade deficit more than halved to  million pounds -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- in november , down from  .
billion pounds one month earlier , the central statistical office announced wednesday  .
britain stepped up its controversial plans to sell off the state rail network wednesday , with the first three lines sold to private sector buyers  .
the united states hopes israel and syria will agree on a framework for full-fledged peace negotiations during talks scheduled here later this month , secretary of state warren christopher said  .
oil prices are currently good even though they are nearly four dollars below the level targeted by the organisation of petroleum exporting countries , the uae acting oil minister said wednesday  .
the swedish pharmaceutical group astra has signed a research cooperation agreement on genetic factors in respiratory disease with the us company millenium pharmaceuticals , astra said wednesday  .
the eritrean liberation front -lrb- elf -rrb- on wednesday slammed the asmara government for its armed conflict with yemen over the red sea island of hanish al-kabir , an elf official said in jordan  .
a loyalist politician was jailed here wednesday for  years , for conspiring to obtain weapons for the outlawed  paramilitary organization , the ulster volunteer force  .
police shot dead two wanted moslem militants on wednesday after they were chased out of a southern egyptian village by inhabitants , police said  .
egypt raised the possibility wednesday of israeli involvement in the conflict between yemen and eritrea over a strategic island in the red sea  .
a shootout with police left six members of a colombian gang dead early wednesday after the group allegedly tried to invade a home in the  neighborhood of bogota , police said  .
frankfurt stocks put on a strong performance on wednesday as the dax index finished the day at , .
the eritrean liberation front -lrb- elf -rrb- on wednesday slammed the asmara government for its armed conflict with yemen over the red sea island of hanish al-kabir , an elf official said in jordan  .
the british police wednesday launched a nationwide amnesty for the public to hand over knives , in the wake of the recent fatal stabbing of headmaster philip lawrence by a gang of youths outside his school  .
canada experienced a decline in both exports and imports in october , with the trade surplus slipping to  .
billion us -rrb- from september 's figure of  .
billion us -rrb- , the government reported wednesday  .
four people were killed in an attack on a shiite mosque early wednesday and two others were shot dead in separate incidents in the strife torn pakistani port city of karachi , police said  .
nato 's  member nations on wednesday adopted the organization 's civilian and military budgets for  , little changed from last year at  million and  million dollars respectively , diplomats said  .
austrian nationalist leader joerg haider faced calls to resign wednesday amid a storm he provoked by saying the german ss should be respected for its role in nazi germany  .
admiral leighton smith , the commander of the nato implementation force -lrb- ifor -rrb- in bosnia-hercegovina , landed at sarajevo wednesday at : p .
-lrb- : gmt -rrb- , an afp correspondent present at the scene said  .
britain and the other european allies in nato have had to cover the united states share of the initial common costs of the bosnia peace force because of the budget crisis in washington  .
india is likely to complete ground tests of an indian-built light combat aircraft -lrb- lca -rrb- by next november before moving ahead with its production , a minister told parliament on wednesday  .
the european investment bank on wednesday announced its first loan to china , one of  million ecus -lrb-  .
million dollars -rrb- for exploitation of oil and natural gas at the ping hu deposit  .
olympic  metres hurdles champion sally gunnell will run indoors for britain against france here on february  , it was announced on wednesday  .
defense lawyers on wednesday called for statements in which two british soldiers allegedly reconstructed the killing of a danish tour guide on cyprus to be dismissed as evidence  .
rugby league chiefs were looking into a report on wednesday that rupert murdoch 's news corporation -- backers of the new super league -- will have the power to interfere with the game 's transfer system  .
the government has decided to probe the switching of shares by india 's largest private firm , reliance industries , on the bombay bourse , finance minister manmohan singh said here wednesday  .
an outbreak of salmonella poisoning among thousands of pigeons in saint mark 's square in venice could spread to humans if they are not culled , city authorities announced wednesday  .
world cup cricket organisers wednesday delayed a decision on whether nagpur , where  fans were killed last month due to the collapse of a stadium wall , will remain as one of the venues  .
the indian government on wednesday ordered a probe into the switching of shares by reliance industries ltd .
, the country 's largest private firm , on the bombay bourse , finance minister manmohan singh said here  .
greece on wednesday reacted cautiously to us negotiator richard holbrooke 's avowed aim to make a `` big push '' in  to try to end the -year division of cyprus  .
the tissue operations of swedish paper company moelnlycke and german forestry group   ag will be combined at the end of  , swedish forestry group sca said wednesday  .
swedish-american pharmaceutical group pharmacia and upjohn will consolidate its dublin , ohio , operation with the group 's major us location in kalamazoo , michigan , and close the ohio facility , the group said wednesday  .
finnish oil , energy and chemicals company neste will sell its  percent share in britain 's sovereign exploration ltd to  ltd , a subsidiary of northern electric , neste said wednesday  .
prime minister felipe gonzalez gave his clearest sign yet wednesday of exactly when spain will face legislative elections when he said march  was `` a good date  .
authorities here seized  kilos -lrb- , pounds -rrb- of extremely pure cocaine inside a luxury van parked in downtown santo domingo , police said wednesday  .
heather west , the daughter and final victim of serial killers rosemary and frederick west , was finally laid to rest tuesday in a quiet english country churchyard , the family confirmed wednesday  .
a century from nick  and an -run partnership for the sixth wicket with mark davis helped the sa tertiary xi to a respectable  for  at tea on the first day of the three-day match against the touring england side here wednesday  .
striking electricity workers have begun sabotaging power supplies in bordeaux , where prime minister alain juppe is mayor , in a new phase of strike action in the city , officials said wednesday  .
nigerian doctors said wednesday that they would strike january  , except for emergency services , to protest the recent murder of one of their colleagues  .
scoreboard at tea on the first day of the three-day match between the touring england team and a south africa university selection , the combined tertiary xi , here wednesday  .
telephone links between the rump yugoslavia of serbia and montenegro were re-established with croatia wednesday more than four years after they were cut off due to the civil war  .
vatican foreign minister jean-louis tauran made an unprecedented visit wednesday to the gaza strip , where palestinian leaders welcomed his assurances on roman catholic church policy towards jerusalem  .
jailed former south korean president chun doo-hwan was moved out of prison for treatment at a police hospital after  days of a hunger strike , television reports said  .
the dollar was steady against other major currencies wednesday after the federal reserve lowered a key interest rate  .
iraq 's deputy prime minister tareq aziz reserved judgement wednesday on a un resolution allowing limited sales of oil , which the west is pressing baghdad to accept  .
israel denied entry on wednesday to seven jewish extremists from the united states , including rabbi abraham  , officials said  .
a swedish tank of the nato-led peace implementation force crossed serb-held territory in northern bosnia wednesday to arrive at the sava river which forms the frontier between bosnia and croatia , an afp correspondent observed  .
republic of ireland manager jack charlton will meet officials from the country 's football association on thursday , amid mounting speculation that his nine-year reign is about to come to an end  .
telephone links were re-established between the rump yugoslavia -lrb- serbia and montenegro -rrb- and croatia on wednesday more than four years after being severed due to the civil war , tanjug news agency said  .
scoreboard at close of play on the first day of the three-day match between the touring england team and a south africa varsity selection , the combined tertiary xi , here wednesday  .
a young girl was killed and an elderly woman injured in an earthquake that also destroyed homes in a remote area of guatemala , the national emergency committee said in preliminary reports  .
us-owned at and t network systems has signed a -million-dollar contract with deutsche telekom to provide the german telephone company with fibre-optic cable , the at and t subsidiary said wednesday  .
some  million dollars is needed to carry out urgent reconstruction work in bosnia in the first three months of  but only the european union , with a pledge of  million , has so far put any money on the table , eu commissioner hans van den broek said wednesday  .
the paris bourse scored a substantial gain on wednesday as the cac  index finished the day at , .
four women and four children died when an armed gang raided two homes in southern kwazulu-natal in what police believe was a politically - motivated attack , sapa news agency reported wednesday  .
a swedish armored vehicle of the nato-led peace implementation force crossed serb-held territory in northern bosnia wednesday to arrive at the sava river , which forms the frontier between bosnia and croatia , an afp correspondent observed  .
the irish and british governments joined wednesday in condemning two recent assassinations in belfast that have been unofficially blamed on the irish republican army -lrb- ira -rrb-  .
the south african government wednesday declared robben island , once the prison home of president nelson mandela and other black liberation fighters , a national monument  .
hundreds of palestinians blocked israeli authorities wednesday from building a fence between this newly autonomous town and  territory  .
white house chief of staff leon panetta met with congressional budget negotiators wednesday to lay the groundwork for talks at the white house between the two sides  .
mauritius 's outgoing prime minister , sir anerood jugnauth , effectively conceded defeat wednesday in the indian ocean island nation 's parliamentary elections , although results had yet to be announced  .
qatar 's foreign minister is to tour members of the gulf cooperation council -lrb- gcc -rrb- except saudi arabia to discuss doha 's opposition to the pact 's new saudi secretary general , newspapers reported wednesday  .
the public prosecutor 's office in the northern italian city of brescia called wednesday for charges to be filed against former ``  '' judge antonio di pietro , officials said here  .
police shot dead a moslem separatist guerrilla who allegedly murdered an american tourist in the northern indian state of kashmir more than a year ago , officials announced here wednesday  .
former left-wing mp dieter  confirmed his reputation as a political clown when he broke a raw egg on the skull of berlin 's mayor eberhard diepgen during a court hearing here wednesday  .
british industrial conglomerate hanson said wednesday that it plans to sell off two american businesses , bringing in at least  .
egypt raised the possibility wednesday of israeli involvement in the conflict between yemen and eritrea over a strategic island in the red sea  .
german striker jurgen klinsmann -lrb- bayern munich -rrb- , liberian goal ace george weah -lrb- ac milan -rrb- and italian defender paolo maldini -lrb- ac milan -rrb- make up the shortlist of the fifa world player of the year  , the game 's ruling body announced on wednesday  .
the us senate opened debate wednesday on whether to take court action to force president bill clinton to hand over documents related to whitewater , a  failed real estate deal that has cast a shadow over his past business dealings  .
the london stock market put on a strong performance on wednesday , benefiting from a loosening of us monetary policy , as the footsie index advanced by  percent on the day to end at , .
the british government launched an inquiry wednesday to determine if the award of the national lottery to the camelot group in  , headed by the american company gtech , was swayed by bribes  .
china , mongolia , north korea , south korea and russia have agreed to set up a joint development zone in the tumen river region of northeast asia , the un development program announced wednesday  .
a boeing  airliner skidded off a  runway at j .
kennedy international airport wednesday , prompting local authorities to dispatch a rescue team to the site of the mishap  .
the nato-led implementation force on wednesday formally assumed responsibility for peacekeeping in bosnia-hercegovina , taking over from a un force which the incoming us commander described as `` absolutely superb  .
the seven leading industrialized nations and ukraine signed wednesday an agreement to shut down permanently the chernobyl nuclear plant by   .
zaire on wednesday dropped an ultimatum under which it had threatened to forcibly expel one million rwandan refugees from its territory by the end of the year  .
the dollar , the french franc and the lira firmed against the german mark on wednesday on the london foreign exchange market , already marked by a vacation atmosphere , traders said in late afternoon  .
politics must serve economic ends , chinese president jiang zemin said wednesday , calling on chinese officials to `` keep sober-minded politically ''  .
rangers are to build a permanent memorial to the  fans who died in a disaster at their ibrox ground  years ago , the scottish champions said on wednesday  .
martin o'neill is expected to be confirmed as leicester 's new manager on thursday -- just five days after walking out on first division rivals norwich  .
midfield hard-man roy keane seemed certain to miss manchester united 's sell-out premiership game at leeds on christmas eve after withdrawing from a reserve match on wednesday  .
copps pointed out that the closure of chernobyl alone would deprive ukraine of five percent of its energy supplies ; further  would have a much greater effect and would be difficult for any government to sell to its people  .
in a setback for his efforts to launch a third political party , texas billionaire ross perot has failed to obtain enough signatures to get his reform party on the ohio primary ballots  .
the dollar was steady at midday in new york with volume low because of the coming christmas holidays and heavy snows that paralyzed new york  .
ac milan 's liberian striker george weah has again been voted africa 's player of the year by `` afrique football '' , the monthly magazine said on wednesday , in the first step towards a possible hat-trick  .
britain 's princess of wales on tuesday met with prime minister john major , reigniting speculation that she may be offered a role as a roving ambassador for the country  .
economist fabian linden , who created the key us consumer confidence index , has died of cancer at the age of  , the new york times said wednesday  .
the french parliament on wednesday completed the process of authorizing the government to legislate by decree in connection with the social security system , which the government wants to reform as part of an effort to put public finance on a sounder footing  .
austrian president thomas klestil on wednesday asked the outgoing chancellor , franz vranitzky , to form a new government , after the victory of  's party in sunday 's elections  .
rugby league chief executive maurice lindsay hit out at claims on wednesday that rupert murdoch 's news corporation -- backers of the super league -- will have the power to interfere with the game 's transfer system  .
bosnia-hercegovina was granted membership wednesday into the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- and became eligible for a  million dollar loan , the imf said in a statement  .
us ambassador to bosnia john menzies has visited serb-held parts of sarajevo to reassure the serbs of their future status under bosnian government rule , the embassy said in a statement wednesday  .
britain 's johnny herbert had a frustrating first outing in a sauber - ford here on wednesday , as the team 's new recruit struggled with the cockpit  .
polish prime minister jozef oleksy on wednesday accused his country 's secret services of trying to sabotage the presidency of the former communist aleksander kwasniewski , who is due to be sworn in as poland 's new president on friday  .
us ambassador to bosnia john menzies has visited serb-held parts of sarajevo to reassure the serbs of their future status under bosnian government rule , the embassy said in a statement wednesday  .
the widow of assassinated israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin vowed on wednesday to promote her husband 's message of peace after she met here with french president jacques chirac  .
cyprus reacted cautiously on wednesday to us negotiator richard holbrooke 's avowed aim to make a `` big push '' in  to try to end the -year division of the mediterranean island  .
a young sri lankan man poured petrol on himself and burned to death wednesday in this northern paris suburb , police said  .
million hong kong dollars -lrb- , us -rrb- worth of jewellery reported missing by flamboyant tycoon cecil chao was called off after the gems were found in his office , police said thursday  .
israeli agents arrested  members of the militant palestinian group hamas near the northern west bank town of tulkarm on wednesday for plotting to attack israeli troops and civilians , a military spokesman said  .
tests of a new drug approved for treatment of the deadly aids virus have shown that it may also be effective in fighting chronic hepatitis b , according to a study published this week  .
un troops have packed their bags to leave bosnia or switched to their national colors , but un officials here say member states still owe nearly one billion dollars pledged for the three-year operation  .
israeli agents arrested  members of the militant palestinian group hamas near the northern west bank town of tulkarm on wednesday for plotting to attack israeli troops and civilians , a military spokesman said  .
foreign ministers from eight commonwealth countries wednesday held back from tougher action against nigeria , and said they hoped dialogue could persuade the country 's military rulers to restore human rights and democracy  .
bolivian judicial police tried to seize facilities belonging to the archbishopric of la paz because of failure to repay a bank debt , bishop luis casey said wednesday  .
a boeing  airliner skidded off a  runway at j .
kennedy international airport wednesday , sending  people to hospital with injuries , a port authority spokeswoman said  .
zaire on wednesday dropped an ultimatum under which it threatened to forcibly expel a million rwandan refugees from its territory by the end of the year but said the refugee camps would be closed gradually as the refugees departed voluntarily  .
nigerian author wole soyinka urged wednesday the norwegian oil company statoil to pull out of his country in a protest against the military regime there  .
a small plot of marijuana plants has been destroyed after being discovered in front of the city hall in sucre , one of bolivia 's two capitals , officials said wednesday  .
the british tend to work longer hours than any of their european union counterparts , with the belgians working the shortest , according to a french study published here wednesday  .
the budget `` summit '' scheduled wednesday between president bill clinton and republican congressional leaders has been `` postponed , '' according to a top democratic senator  .
one of two candidates running against plo leader yasser arafat for president of the palestinian self-rule government withdrew from the race on wednesday for general elections to be held on january   .
a boeing  airliner skidded off a runway at snow-bound j .
kennedy international airport wednesday , sending  people to hospital with injuries , airport officials and rescue workers said  .
grains and soybean futures declined wednesday on the chicago commodities market under pressure from profit-taking encouraged by rains in south america  .
two hundred british nato troops with heavy armored vehicles arrived just outside this desolate and looted croat-held town on wednesday , shortly after the alliance formally began its operation in the former yugoslavia  .
peace talks between  and israel , scheduled to begin december  , will take place at the wye plantation in the state of maryland which borders washington , secretary of state warren christopher said wednesday  .
prime ministers john bruton of ireland and john major of london are to meet in dublin thursday for a summit on the northern ireland peace process , the two governments said in a joint statement  .
blue-chip stocks plunged on wall street wednesday after president bill clinton announced that a meeting to end the budget impasse had been canceled  .
bosnian officials welcomed the arrival of the nato implementation force -lrb- ifor -rrb- to bosnia wednesday , on the day when the un era gave way to the nato one in this former bosnian republic  .
polish prime minister jozef oleksy accused his country 's secret services wednesday of trying to sabotage the presidency of the former communist aleksander kwasniewski  .
britain and the united states have signed an agreement for the construction of a vertical take off and landing -lrb-  -rrb- fighter plane that would replace the current sea harrier , defense secretary michael portillo said wednesday  .
blue-chip stocks plunged on wall street wednesday after president bill clinton announced that a meeting to end the budget impasse had been postponed  .
bosnian prime minister haris silajdzic on wednesday hailed the news that his country had been granted membership of the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb-  .
heavy fog shrouded tuzla airbase again wednesday , forcing the us air force to cancel all but one of around  planned flights into the base , a us spokesman said  .
the chadian prime minister , djimasta  , arrived wednesday here on a two-day official visit to nigeria , officials said  .
the dollar fell against most major currencies in new york at the end of the day wednesday as the impasse over the budget between the white house and the republican majority showed no signs of relief  .
twenty-nine people were injured , six of them seriously , when a bomb exploded wednesday in a cafe in mostaganem , western algeria , television reported  .
a boeing  airliner skidded off a runway at snow-bound j .
kennedy international airport wednesday , leaving  people injured , airport officials and rescue workers said  .
a white house meeting between president bill clinton and top republican lawmakers to iron out a budget compromise was put off wednesday , but the leaders were remaining in contact over the phone  .
researchers announced wednesday the discovery in mongolia of fossils of a meat-eating dinosaur in a nesting position over its eggs , the first find indicating the prehistoric creatures cared for their young  .
president bill clinton and the republican-led congress scrapped a negotiating session wednesday just as hopes had been raised for a balanced budget agreement and an end the government shutdown  .
spanish first division pacesetters atletico brought the curtain down on  in style wednesday when they hammered visiting compostela -  .
americans looking for christmas toys may have a hard time finding dolls in any shade but black and white , but that may change as the number of asian-americans increases  .
a second post mortem on the body of a young black man whose death in police custody last week sparked a night of rioting and looting in the london suburb of brixton has `` vindicated '' the police , scotland yard said wednesday  .
first division sides norwich and birmingham ended the hopes of premiership opponents to reach the quarter-finals of the league cup wednesday night  .
president bill clinton and top republican lawmakers , in lengthy telephone talks , agreed wednesday that their lieutenants would press on with budget  despite a postponed summit meeting  .
spanish first division pacesetters atletico brought the curtain down on  in style wednesday when they hammered visiting compostela -  .
un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali decided wednesday to send an american retired general to eastern slavonia to prepare the way for an operation consisting of an international force and transitional administration , diplomats said  .
secretary of state warren christopher called wednesday for reformers in russia to unite after the communists ' recent election gains and support a single candidate in the june presidential poll  .
the world bank announced wednesday a  million dollar loan to pakistan to help finance a  complex on the indus river in northwestern pakistan  .
the united states made significant strides against illegal immigration this year , arresting nearly  .
million would-be immigrants , most of them along the border with mexico , an official said  .
the dollar was lower early thursday morning in tokyo trading at  .
- yen down from late wednesday quote of  .
yen and compared with new york 's late wednesday quote of  .
un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali decided wednesday to send an american retired general to eastern slavonia to prepare the way for an operation consisting of an international force and transitional administration , diplomats said  .
japanese share prices opened lower on the tokyo stock exchange thursday , with the nikkei stock average falling  .
in in the first  minutes of trading  .
to do that , however , he would have to deal with gebreselassie -- who lost his , m world record but regained the one at , -- at the top end of the bracket , while johnson looks set to make waves at the bottom  .
hopes for a balanced budget agreement and an end to the us government shutdown were dashed wednesday when president bill clinton and republican leaders scrapped a key negotiating session  .
us telecommunications giant american telephone and telegraph and  of france announced wednesday a joint project to lay an undersea cable around africa  .
us telecommunications giant american telephone and telegraph and  of france announced wednesday a joint project to lay an undersea cable around africa  .
two men the us government has accused of stockpiling weapons and plotting to overthrow cuban president fidel castro were ordered held without bail wednesday as their supporters rallied  .
peace talks between  and israel , scheduled to begin december  , will take place at the wye plantation in the state of maryland which borders washington , secretary of state warren christopher said wednesday  .
the full senate voted wednesday to subpoena notes from a  white house meeting on president bill clinton 's involvement in the failed whitewater land deal  .
jailed former south korean president chun doo-hwan was early thursday moved after  days of hunger strike from prison to a police hospital , where he refused treatment , police said  .
the us senate voted wednesday to take president bill clinton to court to obtain notes from a  meeting on his and first lady hillary clinton 's involvement in the failed whitewater land deal  .
most us banks moved swiftly wednesday to cut prime rates by a quarter - point to  .
percent in response to the easing of monetary policy by the federal reserve  .
prime minister john major 's humiliating defeat in the house of commons over fisheries policy this week was caused by two of his ruling tory party mps who turned up three hours too late for a vote , it emerged wednesday  .
hopes for a balanced budget agreement and an end to the us government shutdown were dashed wednesday when president bill clinton and republican leaders scrapped a key negotiating session  .
taiwan will hold its first ministerial conference with the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- on industrial cooperation in taipei in april , the united daily news said thursday  .
a senior politician here has defended remarks that china and south korea shared responsibility with tokyo for strained relations , because of their anti-japanese history teaching , a daily said thursday  .
some seven thousand university students took to the streets of the nicaraguan capital wednesday to protest political repression and the death of a student in an earlier protest  .
china has announced the line-up for the powerful preparatory committee which will handle hong kong 's handover to chinese rule in  , with more than half coming from the territory , it was reported thursday  .
a local brewery has come up with a limited edition of a special beer to cheer the disgraced barings bank broker nick leeson this christmas season , it was reported thursday  .
south korean prosecutors on thursday summoned former president roh tae-woo 's daughter and her husband in a bid to trace roh 's suspected swiss bank accounts  .
prince norodom sirivudh , accused of plotting to assassinate co-premier hun sen , left cambodia thursday en route to exile in france  .
a green revolution has been quietly taking place in shanghai , threatening to cover the city 's downtown concrete jungle with four million square metres -lrb-  .
million square feet -rrb- of lawn by the end of the year  .
a month to the day after he was arrested and charged with plotting to assassinate cambodian co-premier hun sen , prince norodom sirivudh on thursday left the country of his birth en route to exile in france  .
sri lankan captain arjuna ranatunga won the toss and decided to bat in the world series cup cricket one-day international against australia at the sydney cricket ground here thursday  .
prince norodom sirivudh , sent into exile thursday over his suspected role in an alleged plot to assassinate co-premier hun sen , is the second heir to the cambodian throne to be forced to leave the country in two years  .
president jiang zemin has named stability as china 's top priority , setting the tone for lawmakers framing the use of martial law and other tough measures to maintain order and boost national defense  .
an army general and three senior officers arrested in september in an alleged plot to overthrow prime minister benazir bhutto and impose islamic law in pakistan have been charged with sedition , the defense ministry said thursday  .
taiwan on thursday lifted controls over foreign institutions ' incoming and  capital flows on stock investments , cabinet officials said  .
vietnam 's military-owned telephone company has signed a -million - dollar agreement with us firm  technology group to make telecommunications and office equipment , a report said thursday  .
south korea indicted former generals-turned-presidents chun doo-hwan and roh tae-woo on mutiny charges thursday for leading a military coup in  , a spokesman said  .
an american airlines boeing  carrying  passengers crashed in mountains near the city of cali , west of bogota late wednesday , local authorities said  .
a month to the day after he was arrested and charged with plotting to assassinate cambodian co-premier hun sen , prince norodom sirivudh on thursday left the land of his birth en route to exile in france  .
an american airlines boeing  carrying  passengers apparently crashed and exploded in mountains near the city of cali , west of bogota late wednesday , civil aviation officials reported early thursday  .
south korea indicted jailed former generals-turned-presidents chun doo-hwan and roh tae-woo on mutiny charges thursday for leading a military coup in  , a spokesman said  .
the dollar was weak against the yen here thursday with investors moving out of the market ahead of the year-end holiday period , dealers said  .
the jailed assassin of prime minister yitzhak rabin , yigal amir , has requested a temporary leave to attend the upcoming marriage of his younger sister , court officials said thursday  .
an american airlines boeing  carrying  people apparently crashed and exploded in mountains near the city of cali , west of bogota overnight , aviation officials said early thursday  .
israeli forces lowered the blue and white star of david flag for the last time over bethlehem early thursday , hours before the scheduled handover of the historic town to yasser arafat 's palestinian authority  .
an american airlines boeing  carrying  people apparently crashed and exploded in mountains near the city of cali , west of bogota overnight , aviation officials said early thursday  .
chinese lawmakers plan to grant police sweeping powers to curb criminal activities with legislation easing criteria for taking in suspects and extending the legal period of detention , reports said thursday  .
south korea 's newly-appointed finance and economy minister rha  - bae on thursday pledged to allow scandal-tainted businesses to operate as usual , but to choke off underhand  collusion  .
a former israeli chief rabbi has called on jews to tear their clothing in mourning over the israeli withdrawal from bethlehem sheduled for later thursday  .
a former israeli chief rabbi has called on jews to tear their clothing in mourning over the israeli withdrawal from bethlehem sheduled for later thursday  .
the russian communist party won  of the  seats in the lower house of parliament allocated by single-mandate voting -- far more than any other party , the electoral commission announced thursday  .
hamas hardliners have refused to lift their boycott of historic palestinian elections after three days of negotiations here with the palestinian authority , the head of the delegation said thursday  .
the russian communist party won  of the  seats in the lower house of parliament allocated by single-mandate voting -- far more than any other party , the electoral commission announced thursday  .
the philippine military has formed a special anti-terrorist task force following growing concern over local and foreign terrorist groups in the country , military spokesmen said thursday  .
prince norodom sirivudh , charged with plotting to assassinate cambodian co-premier hun sen , arrived in singapore on thursday en route to exile in france , airline staff and diplomatic sources confirmed  .
sudan indicated thursday that international monitors would be welcome to verify elections next year for a new federal parliament and president after more than a decade of civil war in the south  .
south korean prosecutors said on thursday they had unearthed a huge fresh cache of black money salted away by jailed ex-president chun doo-hwan , but declined to reveal the amount  .
french industrial output , excluding output by the building industry , fell by  .
percent in october from the figure for september , on an adjusted basis , the official insee statistical institute reported on thursday  .
the us senate has pulled the whitewater snare tighter around president bill clinton by voting to take him to court to obtain notes from a  meeting on his and first lady hillary clinton 's involvement in the failed arkansas land deal  .
the french franc was steady against the mark in initial trading on thursday hours before a `` social summit '' which was expected to signal whether the government would try to pursue austerity policies or would dash for growth  .
israel 's ruling labor party has decided to move up party primaries to choose its candidates for upcoming general elections , fueling speculation that prime minister shimon peres may call early polls  .
ethiopian foreign minister seyoum mesfin was due to travel to eritrea and yemen on thursday to try to mediate in their armed conflict over a disputed red sea island  .
an american airlines boeing  carrying  people reportedly crashed and exploded in mountains near the city of cali , west of bogota overnight , aviation officials said early thursday  .
an army general and three senior officers arrested in september over an alleged plot to overthrow prime minister benazir bhutto and impose islamic law in pakistan have been charged with sedition , the defense ministry said here thursday  .
palestinian leader yasser arafat arrived here thursday from abu dhabi and went straight into a meeting with president hosni mubarak , officials said  .
a south korean court on thursday handed down a six-month sentence to a us soldier convicted of assaulting a korean in a subway brawl in may , news reports said  .
makiko tanaka -- one of japan 's top female politicians -- and her relatives have failed to declare  .
billion yen -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- in inheritance , jiji press and other reports said thursday  .
china 's minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation , wu yi , insisted thursday that her country would join the world trade organisation -lrb- wto -rrb- only if it is treated as a developing country  .
at least  people were killed and about  injured when two trains collided in dawn fog on thursday in the  region just south of cairo , police said  .
the russian communist party won  of the  seats in the lower house of parliament allocated in single-mandate constituency voting -- far more than any other party , the electoral commission announced thursday  .
the jailed assassin of prime minister yitzhak rabin , yigal amir , has requested a temporary leave to attend the upcoming marriage of his younger sister , court officials said thursday  .
taiwan 's presidential office thursday denied reports that president lee teng-hui donated funds to groups campaigning for independence for the island during a controversial visit to the united states in june  .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- has created a body to oversee the civil aviation sector and cope with growing air traffic in the oil-rich gulf country , al-khaleej newspaper reported on thursday  .
at least  people were killed and about  injured when two trains collided in dawn fog on thursday in the  region just south of cairo , police said  .
the rand was steady against the dollar thursday opening at  after wednesday 's close of  .
south korea 's main opposition national congress for new politics -lrb- ncnp -rrb- on thursday threatend to launch a petition campaign urging president kim young-sam to come clean on whether his jailed predecessor financed the  presidential race  .
the top commander of nato troops in ex-yugoslavia said thursday that he `` was tickled pink '' by the good start of the historic nato operation in the balkans and added that alliance soldiers deploying in the country had been received with `` open arms  .
canadian prime minister jean chretien will visit malaysia on january  to enhance bilateral political , economic and trade ties , the foreign ministry here said thursday  .
the autonomous palestinian authority plans to create its own currency within two years for use in the west bank and gaza strip , a spokesman said thursday  .
there were no survivors among the  people aboard the american airlines jet that crashed late wednesday on a mountain near cali , a radio caracol reporter said from the scene early thursday  .
nato commanders were to meet the military chiefs of bosnia 's factions for the first time here thursday to thrash out guidelines for the nato-led peacekeeping mission in the war-torn republic  .
percent in the third quarter of the year , giving an annual rate of  .
percent , figures released by the central statistical office thursday showed  .
martin o'neill was appointed manager of first division leicester city on thursday - four days after quitting norwich  .
up to ten russian soldiers and more than  civilians have been killed over the past  hours in a offensive on chechen separatists besieging the town of gudermes east of the republic 's capital , it was reported thursday  .
a ship carrying  south korean vehicles set sail for north korea late thursday , marking the first direct export of southern cars to the isolated country , a south korean trading agent said  .
cambodian prince norodom sirivudh , charged with plotting to assassinate co-premier hun sen , made a secretive entry to singapore thursday en route to taking up exile in france  .
tulio scored twice as brazil beat colombia - in a friendly football international here on wednesday but he appeared to use his arm in setting up the goal that turned the match  .
the french government insisted thursday that a new blanket  .
percent income tax will be implemented as planned next month , quashing rumors it was considering delaying the measure  .
former scotland manager tommy docherty says the scots no longer have the quality players he had  years ago and will be easily beaten by england in next summer 's european championship finals  .
a top official of india 's central bank said thursday that most remaining interest rate controls would likely be removed in the next phase of the country 's economic reform process  .
striking airline workers announced a christmas and new year truce thursday , but vowed to resume strike action in january if talks were not opened in a dispute over terms of employment  .
lithuanian police arrested the top managers of one of the baltic republic 's major banks overnight and surrounded the headquarters of another bank in a crackdown on suspected fraud , the baltic news service reported thursday  .
shares in london recovered from initial wall street-inspired losses early thursday , after the market was boosted by positive british balance of payments data  .
a producer for algerian state television was found with his throat cut thursday a day after being abducted from near his home in algiers , television reported  .
carl bildt , european union high representative for bosnia arrived in sarajevo thursday , an afp photographer present at the scene said  .
spain 's ruling socialists are rising in opinion polls ahead of general elections in march but remain far behind opposition conservatives ,  to a poll in the el mundo daily thursday  .
a split in french government ranks over pressure to switch attention from deficits to growth emerged on thursday a few hours before the prime minister was to discuss his austerity program with trade unions and employers  .
some  people were killed and  injured when two trains smashed into each other in fog thursday at  just south of cairo , the interior ministry said  .
scoreboard at lunch on the second day of the three-day match between the touring england team and a south africa varsity selection , the combined tertiary xi , here wednesday  .
mike atherton opened his innings with a half century to help take england to  for one at lunch on the second day of a three-day match with a south african students xi here thursday  .
british defense secretary michael portillo flew into sarajevo from central bosnia thursday for talks with bosnian president alija izetbegovic and the us commander of the nato-led force enforcing the bosnia peace accords  .
france 's first division rugby players have formed a union to defend their rights in negotiations with the federation over payments  .
the dollar stabilised here early thursday , after losses on us markets , while the franc was under pressure ahead of a `` social summit '' between the french government , trade unions and employers  .
egypt called thursday for the creation of a fully-fledged palestinian state , during a visit to cairo by plo leader yasser arafat  .
an israeli army patrol killed three guerrillas from the pro-syrian amal movement in the israeli-occupied `` security zone '' in southern lebanon , military officials said thursday  .
britain 's balance of payments slipped deeper into the red in the third quarter of  , but not by as much as city analysts had expected , according to official figures released thursday  .
the first gurkha recruits to undergo basic training in britain completed their -week course with a passing out parade thursday  .
yemen accused eritrea on thursday of detaining  yemeni fishermen and said it was a `` escalation '' of their dispute over the red sea island of hanish al-kabir  .
a meeting between nato commanders in bosnia and the chiefs-of-staff of the bosnian warring factions opened at sarajevo airport at : p .
the chinese capital , following the lead of other cities , on thursday banned smoking in public places , a moving affecting more than half of beijing citizens , xinhua reported  .
the top commander of nato troops in ex-yugoslavia said thursday that he `` was tickled pink '' by the start of the historic operation in the balkans and added that alliance soldiers had so far been received with `` open arms  .
prime minister john major arrived here thursday for brief talks on the northern ireland peace process ahead of a summit with irish prime minister john bruton in dublin  .
pakistan on thursday called on international powers to stop india from carrying out a reported plan to conduct a nuclear test  .
an army general and three senior officers arrested in september over an alleged plot to overthrow prime minister benazir bhutto and impose islamic law in pakistan have been charged with sedition , the defense ministry said here thursday  .
a german naval officer serving on un forces overseeing the arms embargo against the former yugoslavia has died after an accident , the german defense ministry said  .
the ruble was relatively steady against the dollar on the moscow interbank market thursday , trading at , rubles to the  , up one point over wednesday 's rate  .
an american airlines boeing  crashed and exploded on a mountain north of cali overnight killing all  people on board , a spokesman for an army batallion in charge of rescue operations confirmed here thursday  .
a producer for algerian state television was found with his throat cut thursday a day after being abducted near his home in algiers , police and television staff said  .
an official iraqi newspaper on thursday accused eritrea of plotting with the united states and israel against the arabs after it captured from yemen a disputed red sea island  .
michael bevan slammed a four with two balls to spare to give australia a record-breaking world series win over sri lanka at the sydney cricket ground on thursday  .
two trains smashed into each other here in early morning fog on thursday in a horror crash which killed  people and injured  , the interior ministry said  .
germany 's martina ertl won her second world cup race of the  when she took the giant slalom here on thursday  .
prince charles announced thursday that he has no intention of marrying his mistress camilla parker-bowles after divorcing his wife diana , his spokesman said  .
british carmaker vauxhall , a subsidiary of general motors , said thursday that it had reached a three-year pay deal with unions , including a cut in the working week , during talks the previous night  .
an israeli army patrol killed four guerrillas from the pro-syrian amal movement in the israeli-occupied `` security zone '' in southern lebanon , security officials said thursday  .
mike walker launched a withering attack on leicester city chairman martin george after missing out on the managerial seat at the first division club on thursday  .
a boeing  crashed into a mountain north of the andean city of cali overnight killing the more than  passengers and crew , a spokesman for army rescue workers said here thursday  .
st helens said thursday they will not know the full extent of the injury to world record signing paul  for a couple of days  .
coventry manager ron atkinson failed in an attempt to sign former england midfielder carlton palmer from leeds on thursday  .
the world 's first `` stealth '' warship , the french frigate lafayette , entered its base port here on friday ahead of acoustic trials of its engines  .
unqualified people have been placed in key positions in air zimbabwe 's technical division , posing a threat to the safety of passengers , according to a parliamentary committee report published thursday  .
paolo berlusconi , the younger brother of former italian premier silvio berlusconi , was sentenced to  months on bribery charges thursday , judicial sources said  .
yemen has sent military reinforcements to two red sea islands to tighten the stranglehold around eritrean forces who captured nearby hanish al-kabir four days ago , western diplomats here said thursday  .
swiss-swedish industrial group asea brown boveri -lrb- abb -rrb- has signed a contract with esso norway for the subsea development of the  field in the north sea off the norwegian coast , abb said thursday  .
a subsidiary of finnish telecommunications group nokia , nokia audio and electronics , will form a joint venture with the swedish safety belt and airbag specialist autoliv , nokia said thursday  .
norwegian company  automotive has received a supply order from volvo cars valued at more than two billion norwegian kroner -lrb-  .
million dollars -rrb- over seven years ,  said thursday  .
norway 's lasse kjus won the men 's world cup giant slalom here after a furious alberto tomba refused to continue because of what he described as dangerous conditions  .
the `` social summit '' between the government , unions and employers to discuss the fundamental problems raised by three weeks of strikes opened thursday afternoon , officials said  .
the deputy leader of france 's far-right national front -lrb- fn -rrb- was barred from public office for one year on thursday for electoral irregularities , officials announced  .
the bank of france cut a key rate for the second time in a week on thursday , two hours before crisis talks on economic policy and a few hours after a split in government ranks emerged in public  .
french foreign minister herve de charette arrived here thursday on his first official visit to israel which will also take him to the palestinian self-rule territories  .
billion us -rrb- in canadian securities in october , the government reported thursday  .
damien martyn , youngest regular captain in western australian cricket history , has been sacked after a -month reign  .
at least  people were killed when a powerful explosion , believed to be a car bomb , rocked this gateway city to neighbouring afghanistan thursday , witnesses and police said  .
victorious russian communist leader gennady zyuganov wants to curb the powers of the presidency and believes a soviet-style union of republics is inevitable , according to an interview published thursday  .
british pharmaceuticals group smithkline beecham said thursday it had bought   , a german firm specializing in over-the - counter drugs , for  million german marks  .
jack charlton , the most successful manager in the country 's history , resigned as boss of the republic of ireland on thursday after nine - years in charge  .
israeli troops were thursday on the verge of evacuating the west bank town of bethlehem , but thousands of curious palestinian onlookers risked hampering their departure  .
french prime minister alain juppe made proposals to stimulate growth when he opened negotiations with trade unions and employers on thursday following a crippling three-week public sector strike  .
white house and congressional negotiators have reached agreement on a telecommunications pact , setting the stage for a deregulation of the us telecommunications industry  .
swedish housewares group electrolux has reached an agreement to obtain majority ownership in indian washing machine manufacturer  limited , electrolux said thursday  .
blue-chip share prices rose on wall street early thursday because of bargain-hunting following declines early in the week  .
seven years after a pan am boeing  blew up over the scottish town of lockerbie , killing  people , doubt persists over who was responsible although london and washington remain convinced that two libyans were to blame  .
israeli soldiers evacuated the west bank town of bethlehem on thursday , handing it over to palestinian control in time for christmas to cheers from thousands of onlookers  .
jack charlton , the most successful manager in the country 's history , resigned as boss of the republic of ireland on thursday after nine - years in charge  .
lennie lawrence was given the tough task of ensuring luton town 's survival in the first division when he was named manager of the bottom-of-the-table club on thursday  .
at least  people were killed and  injured when a car bomb blast ripped through a busy market in this gateway city to neighbouring afghanistan thursday , officials said  .
scoreboard when rain stopped play at tea on the second day of the three-day match between the touring england team and a south africa varsity selection , the combined tertiary xi , here thursday  .
tunisia on thursday borrowed around  million dollars to support a balance of payments deficit and finance a commercial deal with another arab country , creditors said  .
for the first time ever in france , a city mayor has banned all dogs from a  pedestrian zone in a radical bid to clean up the city  .
polish tax authorities have frozen outgoing president lech walesa 's bank account and salary and slapped a lien on his personal assets , the tax office in his home city of gdansk said thursday  .
security forces seized  kilograms -lrb-  pounds -rrb- of heroin in a farmhouse in northwestern turkey in the country 's biggest narcotics haul this year , the anatolia news agency reported thursday  .
a cargo ship flying a singapore flag has docked at the iraqi port of umm qasr carrying more than , tonnes of spanish cooking oil , local papers said thursday  .
england 's johnny armour was told on thursday he must defend his european bantamweight title against denmark 's johnny bredahl by march   .
economic reforms in russia may slow down in the wake of the strong communist party showing in sunday 's elections , but no complete reversal of the reforms of recent years is likely , a senior oecd official said  .
the nigerian military regime will not reduce the three-year transition period to  rule that it has set for itself , press reports thursday quoted a minister in the government as saying  .
embattled french prime minister alain juppe made four proposals to stimulate growth and called for reconciliation when he opened negotiations with trade unions and employers on thursday following a crippling three-week public sector strike  .
at least  people were killed and  injured when a car bomb blast ripped through a busy market in this gateway city to neighbouring afghanistan thursday , officials and hospital sources said  .
norway 's lasse kjus won the men 's world cup giant slalom here after a furious alberto tomba refused to continue because of what he described as dangerous conditions  .
scotland 's top players were offered contracts on thursday worth up to , pounds -lrb- about , dollars -rrb- to cover the  five nations championship and the recent game against western samoa  .
new worldwide ship orders took off in the third quarter this year , jumping  percent in gross tonnage terms from the previous three months , the maritime register , lloyd 's register of shipping , said thursday  .
the dollar edged up against other major currencies here early thursday , with gains limited by traders ' reluctance to take new positions before the federal budget impasse is resolved  .
turkey 's highest media body thursday ordered the closure of two private television channels for one day each for violating a ban regarding the country 's legislative election sunday  .
scotland announced a virtually full-strength side on thursday for the ` a ' match against italy in rieti on january   .
pigeons carrying the salmonella bacteria are to be lured into grain laden cages , trapped and  before being burned , veterinary services said here thursday  .
the little town of bethlehem , birthplace of jesus according to the bible , was free from foreign occupation for the first time in , years on thursday after israeli troops withdrew  .
sarajevo mayor tarik kupusovic on thursday sent a protest to the nato implementation force -lrb- ifor -rrb- only  hours after the force took over from the un , the official bh press agency said  .
polish interior minister andrzej  accused prime minister josef oleksy in parliament here on thursday of having worked as a foreign agent , which oleksy immediately denied  .
germany 's martina ertl won her second world cup race of the  when she took the giant slalom here on thursday  .
russian ship repair workers in the far northern   prevented a refitted nuclear  from being launched for the third day running thursday , itar-tass news agency said  .
an american airlines boeing  crashed into a colombian mountain and burst into flames , killing at least  people on board , the company and army rescue workers said thursday  .
blond from a bottle may spell bombshell , but american women are becoming  in record numbers in a move many view as an expression of fiery individuality  .
former brazil captain rai is to extend his contract with paris saint germain for two years after his current deal runs out in june  .
the bank of spain will cut its key interest rate by a quarter-point to  percent on friday at an auction of -day certificates of deposit , bank governor luis angel rojo told the congress of deputies on thursday  .
manufacturers in the mid-atlantic region are paying sharply lower prices for raw materials and other purchased inputs , according to a local federal reserve report published thursday  .
yemen has sent military reinforcements to two red sea islands to tighten the stranglehold around eritrean forces who captured nearby hanish al-kabir four days ago , western diplomats here said thursday  .
qatar 's former emir , sheikh khalifa ibn hamad al-thani , met president sheikh zayed ibn sultan al-nahayan after arriving here on a surprise visit thursday , the official news agency wam said  .
poland 's political crisis deepened thursday on the eve of the inauguration of a new president , as prime minister jozef oleksy continued to fend off charges that he worked as a soviet spy  .
an intoxicated man who played chicken with a plane at halifax international airport in nova scotia -- and nearly became part of the runway -- was fined thursday , canadian dollars -lrb-  usd -rrb- for mischief  .
right-wing opposition leader benjamin netanyahu called thursday for creating rings of jewish settlements around newly-autonomous palestinian areas on the west bank  .
canadian officials said thursday that six kilograms -lrb-  pounds -rrb- of heroin were seized at toronto 's pearson international airport following the arrival of an air france flight from paris  .
one person was killed in a car bomb blast in a western suburb of montreal early thursday , police said  .
oil and gas production by the gulf emirate of abu dhabi has doubled in the past  years due to new hydrocarbon discoveries and development of its fields , according to an official report  .
leading european stock markets all gained ground on thursday , the advances ranging from a solid  percent in milan to a modest  .
two new doping cases emerged thursday to rock french football , already hit by drugs bans for three top class players in recent months  .
the political crisis marring polish president lech walesa 's final days in office deepened thursday , as prime minister jozef oleksy continued to fend off charges that he worked as a soviet spy  .
sheffield wednesday said thursday they are set to offer former england star chris waddle a new contract  .
the nato-led implementation force made an impressive debut in sarajevo on thursday , removing road barriers and asserting its authority over the former warring parties  .
the french franc powered its way almost to  .
francs to the mark on thursday on the london foreign exchange market , while other currencies fluctuated within narrow margins  .
the patriarchs and other leaders of the main christian denominations in jerusalem formally launched preparations thursday for celebrating the th anniversary of the birth of jesus christ  .
european football 's governing body uefa is set to announce its position regarding the bosman affair on friday , lawyers acting for the confederation said here thursday  .
aston villa 's international defender steve staunton suffered a further setback on thursday when he was told that he is facing another six weeks on the sidelines  .
the opposition coalition parties swept to power in the mauritian general elections , scooping up all  parliamentary seats on the indian ocean country 's main island , final results showed thursday  .
the un security council urged the un chief thursday to step up talks with countries that might contribute troops to an international force to a serb-held region of croatia , diplomats said  .
russia 's top spymaster on thursday spoke out against nato expansion into eastern europe , warning that it would give the western military alliance the ability to position nuclear weapons on russia 's border  .
european cup director ken reid has summoned castres president yves  to attend an enquiry into the fracas which marred the recent tie with swansea  .
the head of the un special commission -lrb- unscom -rrb- investigating iraq 's weapons of mass destruction said thursday his team has dredged newly imported missile guidance parts out of the tigris river  .
about  percent of the un troops in bosnia , about , men and women , removed their light-blue un patches overnight and became part of the nato peacekeeping force , a un spokesman said thursday  .
rain continued to plague the english tour thursday when the visitors were left with  in the second day of their three day match against a south african students xi here  .
russian troops temporarily halted a bloody offensive against rebels in gudermes , chechnya 's second biggest town , thursday to prevent civilian casualties , deputy interior ministry forces commander said  .
the brother of pop star boy george was committed to a hospital for the criminally insane thursday after killing his wife at their home in september  .
qatar 's former emir , sheikh khalifa ibn hamad al-thani , met president sheikh zayed ibn sultan al-nahayan after arriving here on a surprise visit thursday , the official news agency wam said  .
a south african court thursday fined a construction company and two employees , rand -lrb- , dollars -rrb- after a mine dam burst last year , unleashing a flood of mud that killed  people  .
an egyptian university refused to admit the country 's first transsexual as a medical student after it emerged that he had performed as a belly dancer after becoming a woman , a newspaper said thursday  .
german tennis star boris becker is to give next summer 's atlanta olympics a miss for `` personal reasons , '' the three-times wimbledon champion revealed thursday  .
the head of the un special commission -lrb- unscom -rrb- investigating iraq 's weapons of mass destruction said thursday his team dredged newly imported missile guidance parts out of the tigris river last weekend  .
peter graf , father of tennis star steffi graf , has been summoned to give evidence before a regional parliamentary commission on january  in connection with alleged tax evasion  .
mauritius ' opposition coalition has swept to power , scooping up all  parliamentary seats on the indian ocean country 's main island , final results showed thursday  .
sinn fein leader gerry adams on thursday reacted strongly to a statement by british prime minister john major , who had claimed in a speech that sinn fein 's independence from the banned irish republican army was `` a fiction  .
border dispute talks between russia and the former soviet republic of estonia ended without a final accord thursday , but negotiations will continue , itar-tass news agency reported  .
president bill clinton , again under fire in the so-called whitewater affair , rejected thursday republican attempts to equate it with the watergate scandal that brought down richard nixon two decades ago  .
twenty tonnes of marijuana with a street value of  million guilder -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- were found on a container ship at amsterdam port hidden behind yucca plants , police said thursday  .
the greek and cypriot foreign ministers said thursday that prospects for peace in cyprus were improving as europe , the us and russia had all vowed their determination to forge a peace settlement  .
the un security council urged the un chief thursday to move faster in asking countries to contribute troops to an international force to a serb-held region of croatia , diplomats said  .
the fatal crash in colombia of an american airlines boeing  marks the first accident involving a  since the plane went into service in the early s , a boeing spokesman said  .
the white house thursday said it had resumed budget negotiations with congress and scheduled a face-to-face meeting friday between president bill clinton and republican congressional leaders  .
singer madonna will have to come to court january  to testify against a man accused of stalking her or face arrest and a five million dollar bail , a judge ruled thursday  .
swiss police said thursday that  people linked to a bizarre sect that was involved in an apparent mass suicide last year had gone missing , raising fears that they might also have decided to kill themselves  .
queens park rangers ' midfielder simon osborn will become the latest piece in the mark mcghee jigsaw at wolves ark mcghee when he signs for the midlanders in a one million pound deal friday  .
former israeli defense minister ariel sharon , a veteran right-winger opposed to the israeli-plo peace process , announced on thursday that he would not stand in next year 's general election  .
a subsidiary of occidental petroleum will pay  million dollars in damages for the toxic waste spill at love canal , one of the country 's most notorious ecological disasters , officials said thursday  .
a bumper crowd is expected for italy 's pre-christmas title cracker saturday as second-placed fiorentina host table-toppers ac milan , knowing a win will take them into first spot  .
prime minister john major on thursday said britain and ireland were making `` steady process '' towards a peace settlement on northern ireland , after a new summit meeting with irish prime minister john bruton  .
sudan on thursday rejected accusations from egypt that more than  terrorist training camps were located on its soil , saying the charges were `` unfounded and irresponsible ''  .
canada is preparing an international claim to sovereignty over a massive continental shelf in the atlantic ocean , a report prepared for the government revealed thursday  .
a one day  `` summit '' was suspended in disarray late on thursday , after all its participants objected to a closing document drawn up by prime minister alain juppe , sources at the meeting said  .
palestinian leader yasser arafat on thursday named one of the key architects of the israeli-plo peace process , mahmud abbas , to head a commission supervising the first self-rule elections  .
a consortium of european banks led by the french group banque paribas and the dutch abn amro bank , has given qatar a  million dollar loan , the official qna news agency said thursday  .
some  palestinian police took control over the west bank town of bethlehem late on thursday after israeli troops withdrew to end  years of occupation  .
the dollar was mixed against other major currencies here late thursday on a quiet market ahead of the holidays  .
nigerian head of state general sani abacha on thursday said his government wanted to reach out to south africa , in a bid to patch up relations that have been soured by his country 's human rights record  .
the mother of iranian president ali akbar hashemi rafsanjani died on thursday at the age of  , the official news agency irna said  .
the parliament of the fledgling moslem-croat federation in bosnia on thursday adopted laws to unify its military and police forces , acting under pressure from a deadline set by the dayton peace agreement for the former yugoslavia  .
cyprus on thursday reported a four percent increase in annual income from tourism to  million cypriot pounds -lrb-  .
billion dollars -rrb- in  , the official cna news agency said  .
billion dollars in november compared with a deficit of  .
billion a year earlier , the treasury department said thursday  .
the us house of representatives passed thursday a sweeping reform of the country 's welfare system which president bill clinton threatened to veto as part of his ongoing budget battle with congress  .
at least four people miraculously survived the fiery crash of a american airlines jetliner which slammed into a colombian mountain with  passengers and crew on board , rescue workers said thursday  .
the un security council demanded in a resolution thursday that bosnian serbs give immediate access to international personnel investigating atrocities during the fall of  in july  .
- yen here in early morning trading friday , compared with  .
the un security council on thursday formalized the creation of a civilian police force that is to serve in parallel with nato-led forces in bosnia , but under un command  .
share prices opened higher on the tokyo stock exchange on friday , with the nikkei stock average rising  .
the un security council demanded in a resolution thursday that bosnian serbs give immediate access to international personnel trying to determine the extent of atrocities during the fall of  in july  .
french prime minister alain juppe early friday described a just-ended `` social summit '' with trade unions and employers as `` very positive  .
a new form of matter called the  condensate , has been named `` molecule of the year '' in science magazine 's roundup of  research advances  .
french prime minister alain juppe early friday described marathon talks with union and employer representatives as `` very positive '' but key union leaders disputed the assessment and warned of  industrial unrest  .
the white house agreed thursday after weeks of wrangling to turn over notes on president bill clinton 's whitewater land deal to avoid a tough court fight with the republican-led senate  .
up to seven people survived when an american airlines jetliner carrying  passengers and crew slammed into a colombian mountain and burst into flames  .
the irish government on thursday dropped a plan for the pre-christmas early release of ira prisoners in a move understood to be directly related to this week 's murders of two men in belfast  .
the new york yankees said thursday that free agent pitcher david cone has agreed to re-sign with the club  .
the multi-talented jones , unbeaten in  contests , twice successfully defended his ibf super-middleweight title  .
us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of  .
opposition leader tony blair on thursday ordered the scrapping of his labor party 's christmas card , which carried an illustration of a condom and a topless woman saying `` spank me  .
former foreign secretary douglas hurd said thursday he would be in favor of holding a referendum before britain signed up for european monetary union  .
japanese share prices were higher on friday morning , with the key market index topping the year 's high , although early gains were trimmed by active futures-led selling towards the session 's end , brokers said  .
china 's campaign against corruption will be stepped up next year , procurator-general zhang siqing said friday , as he revealed investigations into kickbacks and embezzlement had risen sharply in   .
thirty-five foreigners were expelled from east timor in  for `` security breaches , '' a senior immigration official was quoted friday as saying  .
a malaysian villager who wanted to enhance his sexual prowess by drinking an aphrodisiac reputedly imported from taiwan instead lost all his hair , a news report said friday  .
a high-seas duel between powerful maxi yachts sayonara and brindabella looms in the race from here to hobart after sayonara won a round-the - buoys test in the harbor , race officials said friday  .
time warner cable communications of the united states is to pull out of a  -lrb-  million us -rrb- cable television venture with two taiwan companies , company officials said friday  .
million dollars -lrb- one million us -rrb- to help meet urgent humanitarian needs in the former yugoslavia , development cooperation minister gordon  said thursday  .
jailed former south korean president chun doo-hwan refused food and intravenous feeding on friday , as his protest hunger strike entered its th day , hospital authorities said  .
a landmark court battle began friday in okinawa in a case pitting prime minister tomiichi murayama against the islands ' governor over his refusal to sign papers to renew land leases for the us military  .
north korea said on friday it would release the five surviving crewmen of a captured south korean fishing trawler on tuesday through the truce village of panmunjom  .
the death toll from a devastating car bomb blast in the pakistan city of peshawar late thursday has risen to  , rescue workers said friday  .
malaysia will have a single regulatory authority to speed up the development of labuan off the eastern sabah state as an international offshore financial center -lrb- iofc -rrb- , officials said friday  .
percent higher friday on buying  from foreign investors , with the nikkei stock average finishing at a high for the year , brokers said  .
canada , under pressure from the big three us automakers , has notified south korea that it will raise tariffs on imported south korean cars on january  , foreign ministry sources said here friday  .
the dollar was stable in quiet trading friday in the absence of fresh incentives , with many investors out of the market ahead of the christmas holidays , dealers said  .
percent higher friday on buying support from foreign investors , with the nikkei stock average finishing at a high for the year , brokers said  .
veteran hollywood actor jimmy stewart ,  , has been rushed to hospital after falling at his home in los angeles , california , cable news network said early friday  .
eu fisheries ministers reached a compromise agreement early friday on allowable fishing catches and quota sharing in european union waters next year , eu sources said  .
south korean prosecutors grilled an opposition lawmaker suspected of corruption overnight , prompting charges that the ruling camp is abusing its power to hurt the opposition ahead of elections  .
the rand slightly softened against the dollar opening here friday at  after thursday 's close of  .
the rand slightly softened against the dollar opening here friday at  after thursday 's close of  .
israeli troops killed two guerrillas in a clash in the israel 's self - declared `` security zone '' in southern lebanon , an army spokesman said friday  .
china 's communist party mouthpiece has accused western countries of seeking to launch a cold war in the asia-pacific under a propaganda campaign espousing the theory of the `` china threat ''  .
a prominent lawmaker linked to the  massacre of pro-democracy protestors in kwangju said friday that he was bolting the ruling new korea party -lrb- nkp -rrb-  .
relatives of  people killed in the  crash of a china airlines -lrb- cal -rrb- airbus sued the taiwanese airline and the european aircraft maker on friday for a total of four billion yen -lrb-  million dollars -rrb-  .
kenyan police have arrested  suspects after a spate of car hijackings and attacks on diplomats , and blamed a tanzania-based gang for the violence , newspapers reported friday  .
more than a quarter of a million vietnamese expatriates have returned home this year , the vast majority of them from the united states , the saigon newsreader reported friday  .
a chinese official said friday that the powerful preparatory committee , which will handle hong kong 's handover to chinese rule in  , was `` widely represented , '' refuting allegations of bias  .
both semi-finals of cricket 's world cup next year are expected to be played under floodlights , a senior indian cricket official said here friday  .
the hindu nationalist government of the indian state of maharashtra said friday it had not yet decided whether to revive a  .
precious fossils of beings resembling humans are being destroyed by miners extracting rocks from the  mountain in eastern china 's jiangsu province , a newspaper reported friday  .
north korea announced friday it would release the five surviving crewmen of a captured south korean fishing trawler next tuesday through a truce village on the demilitarized zone  .
eu fisheries ministers reached a compromise agreement early friday on allowable fishing catches and quota sharing in european union waters next year , eu sources said  .
security has been stepped up around prime minister shimon peres following an upsurge in threats against his life by jewish extremists opposed to the peace process , israeli press reports said friday  .
the ruble rose three points against the dollar on the moscow interbank market friday , trading at , to the greenback against , the day before  .
the french franc firmed in early trading on friday following a `` summit '' meeting between the government , unions and employers on the country 's labor unrest and a rate cut by the bank of france on thursday  .
several non-governmental organizations -lrb- ngos -rrb- have written to president bill clinton urging his support of a resolution on china 's human rights practices when the un human rights commission meets in march in geneva  .
france posted a foreign trade surplus of  -lrb-  .
billion dollars -rrb- in october , significantly lower than figures for the previous month , seasonally-adjusted official figures released friday showed  .
veteran hollywood actor jimmy stewart ,  , was rushed to hospital after falling down at his home in beverley hills , california , cable news network said early friday  .
eritrea on friday called for its dispute with yemen over the red sea island of hanish al-kabir to be resolved through international arbitration  .
singapore anti-drug officers have smashed an opium racket run by a  - year-old widow and two -year-old helpers , who could become the oldest people to hang here for a drug offence , officials said friday  .
a human rights organization friday criticised a new law in zimbabwe which it says threatens the independence of non-governmental organizations -lrb- ngos -rrb- and opens the way to governmental abuse and corruption  .
jailed former south korean president chun doo-hwan on friday ended the th day of a protest hunger strike , refusing food and intravenous feeding , hospital authorities said  .
spain 's central bank shaved a quarter-point off its key interest rate friday at an auction of -day certificates of deposit  .
hong kong 's banks friday followed the united states ' lead by cutting savings and -hour interest rates by  .
the okinawa governor and residents on friday began a landmark court battle with the japanese government to force a reduction of the huge us military presence in the island  .
north korea announced friday it would release the five surviving crewmen of a captured south korean fishing trawler next tuesday , raising speculation here that seoul could resume rice shipments to the north  .
eritrean president issaias afeworki proposed on friday that eritrean and yemeni troops both withdraw from red sea islands pending international arbitration on the two countries ' competing claims  .
scorecard from the opening day of the match between an australian xi and west indies in brisbane on friday  .
million dollar deal with estonia 's eesti telefon to supply dx  digital exchanges during - , nokia said friday  .
the white house has agreed to accept a covert action program aimed at moderating iran 's islamic regime which had been approved by the house of representatives , the washington post said friday  .
hong kong 's banks friday followed the united states ' lead by cutting savings and -hour interest rates by  .
the sudanese government has accused southern rebels of abducting children from refugee camps in kenya and plans to ask the united nations and rights bodies to help stop the practice , the press said friday  .
swiss police on friday said they had stepped up a search for  followers of the solar temple doomsday sect who have been missing for a week , amid fears that they might try to kill themselves  .
vietsovpetro , a  joint venture , is expected to produce  .
million tonnes of crude oil this year , down , tonnes on its output last year , an official said friday  .
two more french first division players have tested positive for cannabis it was announced here on friday by the french football federation  .
the final day of the three-day match between a south african students xi and england was rained out without a ball being bowled here friday  .
shares in london moved higher early friday in thin trading , with the market underpinned by overnight gains on wall street , dealers said  .
aum supreme truth sect leader shoko asahara , charged with murder in a subway gas attack , filed a suit friday against his former lawyer , suspected of selling investigation documents to a magazine , news reports said  .
jake , a british bull terrier , dug up a -million year-old dinosaur bone while sniffing about on the isle of wight , off the south coast of england , the british press reported friday  .
former australian rugby league international forward rod reddy quit as first grade coach of st george on friday to become the inaugural coach of the adelaide rams in next year 's proposed rebel super league competition  .
barings bank , which was brought to its knees by huge losses incurred by rogue trader nick leeson in february , will not meet profit targets set by ing group for this financial year , ing chief said friday  .
christmas is supposed to be the season of forgiveness and peace making but not , it seems , for ghana 's first lady , nana konadu  rawlings  .
a special rescue team from the russian ministry for emergencies arrived in vietnam friday and began searching in thick jungle for the bodies of two russian airmen who died when their two jets crashed  days ago , interfax news agency reported  .
finland 's gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- rose in the third quarter of  by  .
percent compared with the same period the previous year , the central statistical office said friday  .
the french franc held firm on the european currency markets friday with a lowering of interest rates in france , while the dollar was boosted by the prospect of a settlement in the us budget dispute  .
the strength of the mark and sluggish performance of the economy have combined to contain german industrial prices , official figures showed on friday  .
the nigerian military government has challenged the competence of the international court of justice -lrb- icj -rrb- at the hague to hear a border dispute between nigeria and cameroon , its eastern neighbor  .
thousands of kids flocking from around the world to meet santa at his polar circle workshop right before christmas have had to wait outside for hours in minus  degrees celsius -lrb- - f -rrb- because of overcrowding , the workshop said  .
outgoing polish president lech walesa performed the last act of his five-year tenure friday by honoring two senior political figures of poland 's post-communist era  .
philippine interior and local governments secretary rafael alunan said he will quit his post on june  next year , the official philippine news agency said friday  .
swedes 's pernilla  stormed through the field to win the women 's world cup slalom at veysonnaz on friday , ahead of slovenia 's urska hrovat  .
swiss police on friday said they had stepped up their search for  followers of the solar temple doomsday sect who have been missing for a week , amid fears they might try to kill themselves  .
the un high commissioner for refugees -lrb- unhcr -rrb- said friday it would pursue into the new year its relief mission for refugees from chechnya in response to an upsurge in fighting in the caucasus republic  .
suspected left-wing extremists shot dead a police officer in an attack on a local office of the ruling true path party here friday morning , security officials said  .
president suharto on friday made an unprecedented defense of his wife against rumors that she took commissions for large development projects , a news report said  .
togo 's national assembly has narrowly rejected a bill to change the electoral code in spite of calls from prime minister edem kodjo for his mps to back it , parliamentary sources said  .
the hutu governor of burundi 's northern ngozi province was shot dead in his office by unknown assailants friday , officials said here  .
a contingent of  german soldiers arrived in the southern croatian port of split on friday to take part in the nato-led peacekeeping mission in the former yugoslavia  .
alberto tomba won a crushing world cup victory in the  here on friday when he finished more than a second ahead of local favorite jure kosir  .
a high court judge on friday began summing up evidence in the murder trial of former president hastings kamuzu banda , and the jury is expected to return a verdict saturday or sunday  .
the hutu governor of burundi 's northern ngozi province was shot dead in his office by unknown assailants friday , officials said here  .
a spanish army officer was killed and another person critically injured friday afternoon in leon , northwest spain , when a bomb planted under a car exploded , local authorities said  .
french foreign minister herve de charette met friday with israeli prime minister shimon peres and offered france 's help in achieving peace with syria and lebanon  .
philippine interior and local government secretary rafael alunan is to leave the cabinet next year , president fidel ramos said friday after accepting the official 's resignation  .
the football association friday ruled out a rematch between england and the republic of ireland in february , a year after the riot-torn dublin friendly between the two countries  .
the two houses of congo 's parliament have elected the  members of the supreme court , who had hitherto been appointed by the cabinet in the central african country  .
intense fighting raged between russian troops and chechen separatists friday in the eastern chechen town of gudermes , interfax news agency reported  .
the paris bourse rolled up a substantial gain in the first part of the friday session , reacting mainly to lower interest rates in france , traders said in early afternoon  .
rail links between cairo and aswan got back to normal on friday after egypt 's worst train collision which left  dead and  injured in a final toll , police said  .
the provincial government here friday announced a cash reward of one million rupees -lrb- about , dollars -rrb- for information leading to the arrest of those responsible for thursday 's massive car bomb blast  .
the london stock marked enjoyed a pre-christmas advance on friday in a short session , letting operators get an early start on the long christmas weekend  .
three british soldiers accused of killing a danish tour guide prepared for their second christmas behind bars in cyprus as they suffered another legal defeat in their long-running trial on friday  .
the frankfurt stock market gave itself a christmas present on friday , as the dax index advanced by  .
the ruling bodies of world and european football pledged friday to act in concert to counter any abuse of the transfer system arising from last week 's bosman ruling by the european court of justice  .
most financial markets are to close for christmas , but the markets in tokyo are to remain open  .
polish military prosecutors have decided not to open an investigation for the moment into claims prime minister jozef oleksy was a former soviet spy , court sources said friday  .
world boxing federation junior bantamweight champion samson dutchboygym retained his title by knocking out   of south africa here friday  .
a military court in the self-styled turkish republic of northern cyprus on friday jailed a greek-cypriot for nine months for illegally entering the breakaway north and damaging military equipment , the turkish-cypriot news agency tak reported  .
diphtheria killed  people out of a total of  registered cases in kazakhstan this year -- a figure equivalent to an epidemic , itar-tass news agency reported thursday , citing a senior health official in the central asian republic  .
norwegian prime minister gro harlem brundtland reshuffled her cabinet friday following the resignation of health minister werner christie for personal reasons , a government statement said  .
the senegalese sports ministry has appointed peter  as technical director of football , officials said here , a year after the german 's arrival to oversee development of the sport  .
a military court in the self-styled turkish republic of northern cyprus friday sentenced a greek cypriot to a nine-month term in prison for illegally entering the turkish-held north and damaging military equipment , a local news agency reported  .
a crazed admirer of german tennis star boris becker received a two - year suspended jail sentence here friday for besieging the player 's entourage with threatening phone calls  .
a greek court has cut prison sentences handed out to three palestinians for their role in a bomb attack in  which killed seven people , legal sources said friday  .
the french franc , the lira and the dollar gained a little ground against the german mark in the first part of the friday trading session on the london forex market , which was already more or less on christmas holiday , traders said in early afternoon  .
polish military prosecutors have decided not to open an investigation into claims prime minister jozef oleksy was a former soviet spy , court sources said friday  .
diphtheria killed  people out of a total of  registered cases in kazakhstan this year -- a figure equivalent to an epidemic , itar-tass news agency reported friday -lrb- eds : correct -rrb- , citing a senior health official in the central asian republic  .
a small bomb exploded early friday outside the headquarters of magazine publisher editorial  , breaking windows but causing no injuries , police said  .
norwegian industrial group kvaerner 's   shipyard has won an order to supply a chemical tanker worth  million kroner -lrb-  .
million dollars -rrb- to  shipping nv of curacao , kvaerner said friday  .
president martti ahtisaari on friday signed a decision authorizing finnish participation in the nato-led peacekeeping operation in bosnia  .
christies auction house enjoyed a sparkling year for art sales , with some  .
billion dollars in total proceeds for  , taking the art market back to levels reached in the wonder years of the late s  .
a spanish army major was killed and four people injured , including one critically , on friday in leon , northwest spain , when a bomb planted under the officer 's car exploded , local authorities said  .
finnish industrial group amer has agreed to acquire  gmbh , the german distributor of  products , for an undisclosed sum , amer said friday  .
canadian tvx gold has beaten an australian company in bidding to buy cassandra gold mines in northern greece , officials said on friday  .
christie 's auction house enjoyed a sparkling year for art sales , with some  .
billion dollars in total proceeds for  taking the art market back to levels reached in the wonder years of the late s  .
palestinian leader yasser arafat 's wife , suha , went to bethlehem on friday to take part in christmas celebrations in the newly autonomous town alongside her husband , palestinian sources said  .
financial rating agency  on friday confirmed ratings for banque francaise du commerce  -lrb- french foreign trade bank ,  -rrb- , the agency announced on friday  .
the palestinian electoral commission decided on friday to extend by  hours the deadline for candidates to register for the first self-rule elections , local government minister saeb erakat said  .
holland and ajax winger marc overmars will miss next summer 's european championship finals with a knee injury , his club revealed friday  .
six weeks after his near fatal crash during the australian grand prix formula one driver mika hakkinen is back behind the wheel of a car  .
israeli troops killed two guerrillas in a clash in israel 's self - declared border security zone in southern lebanon , an army spokesman said friday  .
polish military prosecutors have decided not to open an investigation into accusations that prime minister jozef oleksy was a former moscow spy , court sources said friday  .
german construction group hochtief expects good results for this year , despite a slowdown of the construction sector , according to a group internal publication that appeared on friday  .
alberto tomba won a crushing world cup victory in the slalom here on friday , finishing more than one second ahead of local favorite jure kosir  .
mauritian prime minister sir  jugnauth , who was routed in general elections , will formally hand over power to his successor navin ramgoolam on tuesday , it was announced here  .
silicon breast implant maker dow corning must pay , canadian dollars -lrb- , us -rrb- to a canadian woman after the supreme court court found the us firm failed to warn her about the risk posed by implants  .
sierre leone authorities on friday imposed a nighttime curfew in the east of the country because of an increased risk of rebel attacks over the christmas period  .
a week of violence in south africa 's kwazulu-natal province has left  people dead , some of them killed in politically-motivated attacks , police said friday  .
russian president boris yeltsin will visit china in march in his first foreign trip since suffering a heart attack on october  , russian foreign minister andrei kozyrev said on friday  .
swedes 's pernilla  stormed through the field to win the women 's world cup slalom at veysonnaz on friday , ahead of slovenia 's urska hrovat  .
russian president boris yeltsin will visit china in march in his first foreign trip since suffering a heart attack on october  , russian foreign minister andrei kozyrev said on friday  .
french foreign minister herve de charette visited the newly-autonomous town of bethlehem on friday , becoming the first official guest of the palestinian authorities since israeli troops withdrew  .
the dollar rose slightly against other major currencies early friday in quiet trading in advance of the long christmas weekend  .
percent in december from november and were up by  .
percent year on year , according to provisional figures released on friday by the federal statistics office in wiesbaden  .
a military court in the self-styled turkish republic of northern cyprus on friday jailed a greek-cypriot for nine months for illegal entry and damaging military equipment , the cypriot news agency reported  .
four medical relief workers expelled from rwanda flew into nairobi friday saying they feared for the health of the thousands of people their organization had been treating  .
the paris bourse finished the week in fine style , as the cac  index surged on friday by  .
a train-load of materials arrived on friday for constructing the first pontoon to carry nato troops over the river sava separating croatia and bosnia , a us army spokesman said  .
the head of the world 's biggest construction consortium , the french group bouygues , faced possible indictment here on friday for paying cash into a political slush fund  .
lyon businessman pierre botton was charged with fraud here on friday for running a geneva-based political slush fund fed by french industrialists including the world 's biggest construction consortium , the bouygues group  .
gec alsthom group announced on friday the sale of   locomotives to the belgian and luxembourg rail systems with a value of  million ecus -lrb-  million dollars -rrb-  .
billionaire financier george soros , who has taken to promoting capitalism and democracy in the former soviet bloc countries , said in an interview published friday that he will keep investing in russia  .
three bosnian soldiers serving on a front line near doboj in northern bosnia have been put in the cooler for a week for fraternizing with serb soldiers a few weeks too early , an aid worker said friday  .
president bill clinton said friday that left to his own devices he would visit us troops in bosnia `` tomorrow , '' but he added that he would follow the pentagon 's advice to wait a few weeks  .
the head of the world 's biggest construction consortium , the french group bouygues , was indicted here on friday for paying cash into a political slush fund  .
the attempt to bring a lasting peace to the former yugoslavia entails a long list of deadlines that need to be met by the nato-led implementation force -lrb- ifor -rrb- and the warring factions in bosnia  .
former actress turned animal rights campaigner brigitte bardot hit out friday at a decision banning all dogs from the pedestrian zone in carcassonne , southern france  .
it will take weeks , if not months , for the nato-led implementation force -lrb- ifor -rrb- to fully deploy in the former yugoslavia , with , troops drawn from about  countries  .
the head of the world 's biggest construction consortium , the french group bouygues , was indicted here on friday for paying cash into a political slush fund  .
germany 's first and second division clubs are to meet on january  to debate the outcome of the bosman affair , german federation secretary wilfried straub said friday  .
israeli prime minister shimon peres said friday he may abandon plans for a referendum on any withdrawal from the golan heights if a peace treaty with syria looks likely in the run-up to next year 's elections  .
tourist vehicles using the channel tunnel reached a new high with , return journeys registered thursday , eurotunnel officials said friday  .
three greek men received four-year prison sentences for attempting to smuggle  illegal indian immigrants to italy , judicial sources in patras , western greece , said friday  .
the french franc , the lira and the dollar firmed against the mark on friday on the london forex market , but then eased in the afternoon on profit-taking , traders said  .
aid workers in increasingly perilous burundi are themselves becoming targets of attack , a spokesman to un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali said friday  .
ajax striker patrick kluivert faces charges for causing death by reckless driving , judicial sources said here friday  .
us forces put their headquarters base in bosnia on a heightened state of alert friday after mistaking a danish tank crew 's practice firing for incoming mortars , us officials said  .
the senate voted friday to override president bill clinton 's veto of a bill limiting the ability of stockholders to sue companies in which they own shares  .
the white house ended weeks of wrangling with the republican-led senate on friday and handed over notes on the whitewater land deal that has bedeviled bill clinton for much of his presidency  .
the state of war in bosnia was annulled friday by decision of the state collective presidency , the official bh press news agency said  .
the frankfurt stock market suffered a slight loss this week , as it proved unable to make up all of the ground lost at the start of the week - marked by a  percent wall street dive on monday and by a temporary dollar downtrend  .
london shares had a see-saw week : first they plunged sharply in the first two days , and then staged a spectacular recovery , ending modestly above last friday 's levels  .
three additional committees under the transition to civil rule program were set up friday in abuja , official radio nigeria announced here  .
bahrain has asked qatar 's foreign minister to postpone a visit to manama scheduled for the end of the week , a government official said friday  .
nearly  republican and loyalist prisoners were released on seven - day christmas home leaves friday  .
fears were growing friday of another mass suicide by a mysterious swiss-based doomsday sect , after police found cryptic , morbid letters written by  of its members  .
the nigerian military government friday said it would talk with the commonwealth mission to the country only if it got an answer on fundamental issues it raised in a protest letter  .
the dollar slipped against other major currencies on profit-taking here friday in quiet trading in advance of the christmas holiday  .
president bill clinton headed into budget negotiations with republican congressional leaders at the white house friday sounding cautiously optimistic about progress made in breaching the impasse  .
us defense secretary william perry will visit bosnia-hercegovina on january  to meet with us troops helping enforce a peace accord in the former yugoslav republic , officials said friday  .
forty-six us citizens are believed to have died when an american airlines jet slammed into a colombian mountainside this week , the state department said friday  .
gerard niyitegeka , the governor of the central bank of rwanda , resigned friday and asked for political asylum in belgium , the belgian news agency belga reported  .
the clash of world governing body fifa with its european counterpart uefa over plans to decentralise football 's power base in paris in december was shelved  .
actor jimmy stewart , the star of such films as `` it 's a wonderful life , '' `` harvey '' and `` mr .
smith goes to washington , '' was resting at home friday after a fall sent him to the hospital  .
palestinian leader yasser arafat 's wife , suha , went to bethlehem on friday to take part in christmas celebrations in the newly autonomous town alongside her husband , palestinian sources said  .
the italian budget for  was approved by the upper house of parliament friday , following its passage earlier in the day in the lower chamber , a parliamentary source said  .
the state of war in bosnia was annulled friday by decision of the state collective presidency , the official bh press news agency said  .
us civilian aid to bosnia will total just over  million dollars in the coming months , state department spokesman nicholas burns said friday  .
the mainly moslem bosnian government called on the inhabitants of the serb-held parts of sarajevo to to remain in their homes , bh press , official news agency , said  .
us immigration agents friday detained a mexican former deputy attorney general accused of embezzling hundreds of thousands of dollars and blocking a probe of his brother 's murder  .
yemen and eritrea each set out their conditions friday for ending a dispute over a strategic red sea island captured by eritrean forces after an armed attack a week ago  .
the state of war in bosnia was annulled friday by the state collective presidency just hours after british nato troops ventured into serb - held bosnia to test their new mandate for full freedom of movement  .
authorities have seized a large  shipment of endangered species products from china , customs canada said friday  .
aid workers in increasingly perilous burundi are themselves becoming targets of attack , a spokesman to un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali said friday  .
republican legislators friday blocked five million dollars in us aid that was to fund training for haiti 's police force , citing concerns about alleged human rights abuses and drug-trafficking  .
white house and congressional officials said friday they were suspending for a week deadlocked budget negotiations that have left the federal government partly shut down  .
pitcher david cone said friday that a no-trade clause was a key reason that he re-signed with the new york yankees  .
the united states is awaiting clarification from china on the status of three dissidents reportedly detained there a week ago , the state department said friday  .
grain and soybean products futures closed higher friday on the chicago commodities market as weather conditions in south america continued to influence trading  .
grain and soybean products futures closed higher friday on the chicago commodities market as weather conditions in south america continued to influence trading  .
italian prime minister lamberto dini was poised friday to resign , as he said he would , after both chambers of parliament adopted a  budget that aims to slash the national deficit  .
heavy overnight rain delayed the start of play in saturday 's fourth and final one-day international between pakistan and new zealand at eden park here  .
turkey 's top commander pledged friday that the turkish military was determined to guard the country 's secular system , the anatolia news agency reported  .
spanish prime minister felipe gonzalez was formally designated friday to lead his socialists into elections in march which are expected to involve a tough fight against conservatives  .
police in eastern france late friday discovered four empty cars that belonged to members of the swiss-based solar temple doomsday sect who have been missing for a week , police said  .
new wrangling has erupted over sweeping reform of the us telecommunications industry , with republican `` young turks '' in congress balking at legislation already negotiated with the white house  .
the synod of the serb orthodox church disavowed serbian president slobodan milosevic on friday , on grounds that the peace accord he signed on behalf of bosnian serbs was `` unjust  .
a man from ivory coast was jailed for six years and fined , kronor -lrb- , dollars -rrb- for transmitting the aids virus to several swedes , a court in  , southern sweden , ruled friday  .
actor jimmy stewart , the star of such films as `` it 's a wonderful life , '' `` harvey '' and `` mr .
smith goes to washington , '' returned to a hospital here friday for observation after a fall  .
police in eastern france late friday discovered four empty cars that belonged to members of the swiss-based solar temple doomsday sect who have been missing for a week , police said here  .
a fire that tore through a supermarket warehouse here claimed the lives of five people and injured three others , police said friday  .
us immigration agents friday detained a mexican former deputy attorney general accused of embezzling hundreds of thousands of dollars and blocking a probe of his brother 's murder  .
a container of  cesium  was found in the goods van of a passenger train at samara on the volga , itar-tass news agency reported friday  .
switzerland has asked authorities in quebec for information on the disappearance of several people linked to the order of the solar temple sect , officials here said friday  .
the general assembly , acting on the last scheduled day of its session friday , put nigeria in the same league as iraq , cuba and burma which have been condemned yearly for human rights abuses  .
health ministers from liberia and ivory coast and officials from the world  organization signed an agreement here friday to combat epidemics in both countries  .
the drawn-out partial us government shutdown was extended through the holidays friday when president bill clinton and republican lawmakers broke off budget talks for the week without resolving their impasse  .
blue chips rode out the week without chalking up the usual pre - christmas boost , amid a partial federal government shutdown due to an ongoing deadlock in budget talks between congress and the white house  .
the senate voted friday to put back to work , workers idled by the partial federal government shutdown but members of the lower house of representatives may challenge the move  .
the pop star formerly known as prince has decided to leave warner brothers , his his recording label for almost almost twenty years  .
peru voiced outrage friday that the united states has approved israeli warplane sales to ecuador though washington is a guarantor of the peace pact lima and quito signed after their border battle this year  .
new zealand set pakistan the challenging target of  runs in  overs to win the fourth and final one-day international at eden park here saturday  .
china has accused human rights activist harry wu of trying to `` sabotage '' its relations with the world bank with fabricated accusations that the institution 's loans were used to fund forced labor camps  .
kazakhstan is to hold a second round of legislative elections in  constituencies saturday , two weeks after a first round produced victory for candidates backing president nursultan   .
listed indonesian oil company pt medco energi has acquired pt  indonesia , the country 's oldest oil firm , from mobil oil and exxon , press reports here said saturday  .
chinese authorities have ordered officials to pass a `` thrifty '' lunar new year holiday , eschewing participation in any celebrations at public expense or out of keeping with their status , xinhua reported saturday  .
president bill clinton , hoping to soften the blow of a partial us government shutdown , signed a measure friday to issue benefits to veterans and welfare recipients  .
chinese premier li peng has urged greater efforts to integrate economic development with population control and to encourage voluntary compliance with strict family planning rules , a report said saturday  .
malaysia 's state-run radio television malaysia , which withdrew an american cult cartoon series for its controversial title , `` morphin , '' is reviewing the ruling before allowing the  , a news report said saturday  .
four senior officials lost their jobs at japan 's fast-breeder reactor plant saturday after a serious leak of sodium coolant last week was followed by an alleged cover-up  .
police on saturday questioned six members of a russian-made plane intercepted overnight by indian fighters and forced to land in connection with a baffling  in the country 's east six days ago  .
thousands of south koreans living in shadowy illegal marriages because their distant ancestors are of the same clan , will now be able to get their marriages legalized , newspapers reported here saturday  .
jayasinghe of sri lanka completed the sprinters ' double in the south asian federation -lrb- saf -rrb- games with a sensational run in the  meters here on friday night  .
the west indies lost valuable match practice here saturday when the second day of their three-day cricket match against an australian xi was abandoned by rain without a ball bowled  .
security forces shot dead at least one tamil tiger guerrilla and discovered an abandoned rebel munitions factory in northern sri lanka during a clearing operation , the military said saturday  .
the jury retired saturday to consider its verdict in the trial of former president hastings kamuzu banda on murder charges  .
a frenchman has admitted defrauding french airline company air france by posing as an employee in order to falsify thousands of dollars ' worth of tickets , the justice ministry said friday  .
syrian president hafez al-assad is to arrive in cairo on saturday to meet with his egyptian counterpart , hosni mubarak , to discuss `` syrian preparations '' for the resumption of peace talks with israel next week in the united states , it was announced here  .
the charred bodies of several of the missing members of the swiss - based solar temple doomsday sect have been found , police said saturday  .
voters in kazakhstan went to the polls in a second round of parliamentary elections saturday , two weeks after a first round produced victory for candidates loyal to president nursultan nazarbayev , itar-tass news agency reported  .
new zealand beat pakistan by  runs in the fourth and final one-day international at eden park here saturday , squaring the series -  .
scoreboard of the fourth and final one-day international between pakistan and new zealand played at eden park here saturday -lrb- match shortened to  overs because start was delayed by rain -rrb-  .
french defense minister charles millon arrived here saturday morning for a brief visit to inspect french troops in the nato-led peace force and meet bosnian president alija izetbegovic  .
lebanon said on saturday it would negotiate a separate peace deal with israel but would only sign the document when an overall agreement had been reached with syria  .
fourteen charred bodies , including one child , of members of the swiss - based solar temple doomsday sect have been found in a mass grave , reliable sources said here saturday  .
former malawian president kamuzu banda ,  , was found not guilty saturday on murder charges  .
iran 's revolutionary guards began naval exercises in gulf waters on saturday to improve coordination among various units of the elite force , the official irna news agency reported  .
ilie nastase , one-time champion of the tennis courts , aims to become the champion of his native town by running for mayor of bucharest early next year , the newspaper evenimentul zilei reported saturday  .
a jilted lover killed himself and his former partner by setting his car on fire , police said overnight friday  .
afghan officials on saturday denied allegations that afghanistan was responsible for a car bomb blast in the pakistani city of peshawar earlier this week  .
former malawian president kamuzu banda ,  , was acquitted saturday on murder charges -- sparking scenes of wild jubilation by hundreds of his supporters at the blantyre high court  .
a device hidden in a waste bin exploded here damaging an office block which houses the honorary peruvian consulate , police said saturday  .
king hussein of jordan is to visit israel early next month to give an award to the negotiators of the peace accord signed between israel and jordan , officials said  .
french foreign minister herve de charette visited the palestinian authority 's unofficial headquarters in east  on saturday and met with the palestinian minister overseeing issues related to the disputed city  .
china on saturday opened a representation office in the palestinian autonomous gaza strip , officials said  .
the first batch of german soldiers on saturday started setting up facilities in southern croatia for some , german troops to be deployed on the adriatic coast in their army 's first overseas mission  .
the first trucks bringing segments of a floating bridge , which will enable convoys of the nato-led bosnia peace force to cross the sava river into bosnia , arrived at this east croatian border town saturday  .
a police helicopter was searching saturday for the occupants of a minibus which was washed off a flooded bridge in this north-eastern south african mining town , the private  radio station reported  .
syrian president hafez al-assad arrived in cairo on saturday and met with his egyptian counterpart , hosni mubarak , to discuss `` syrian preparations '' for the resumption of peace talks with israel next week in the united states , an official said  .
voters in kazakhstan went to the polls in a second round of parliamentary elections saturday , two weeks after a first round produced victory for candidates loyal to president nursultan nazarbayev , itar-tass news agency reported  .
russian troops were bogged down saturday in their th day of fighting against chechen rebels in gudermes , holding off from pursuing their offensive for fear of further civilian casualties  .
palestinian leader yasser arafat was due to arrive in bethlehem on saturday to witness the first christmas celebrations in the biblical town under palestinian rule  .
some  people were feared killed and about  injured in a devastating fire at a primary school function at dabwali town , in the northern indian state of haryana , the united news of india said here saturday  .
former communist aleksandr kwasniewski was sworn in saturday as poland 's new president , succeeding lech walesa as the leader of the east europe country  .
qatar 's foreign minister sheikh hamad ibn jassem ibn jabr al-thani made a brief visit to the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- on saturday at the start of a gulf tour  .
fourteen charred bodies , including two children , of members of the swiss-based solar temple doomsday sect were found saturday in a remote , mountainous region of eastern france , police said  .
a shadowy blend of alchemy , astrology , ecology -- and authoritarianism -- the order of solar temple doomsday cult , has branches all over the world and a fatal allure for members ranging from doctors to bank executives  .
up to  people , many of them children , were killed saturday when a fire raced through a banquet hall in northern india where a school was holding its annual function , officials said  .
professional footballers association boss gordon taylor criticised the premier league on saturday after its decision to scrap restrictions on non-european union players  .
former communist aleksandr kwasniewski was sworn in saturday as poland 's new president , succeeding lech walesa , and immediately issued a call for dialogue with walesa 's supporters and the catholic church  .
an algerian television producer was found shot dead saturday in an eastern suburb of algiers , algerian security services said saturday  .
the iranian-backed hezbollah vowed saturday to fight on against israel in spite of progress in israeli-syrian peace negotiations  .
russian troops saturday broke through to the railway station in gudermes where chechen separatists had kept about  russian troops pinned down , itar-tass news agency reported  .
china 's cabinet , targetting `` economic foes , '' has ordered a freeze on prices and a crackdown on profiteering ahead of the festival season , the official xinhua news agency said saturday  .
syrian president hafez al-assad had talks here saturday with egyptian leader hosni mubarak on `` syrian preparations '' for the resumption of peace talks with israel in the united states , an official said  .
russian troops saturday broke through to the railway station in gudermes where chechen separatists had kept about  russian troops pinned down , itar-tass news agency reported , citing interior ministry command officials  .
french foreign minister herve de charette visited the plo 's unofficial headquarters in east  on saturday and met with the palestinian minister overseeing issues related to the disputed city  .
tamil tiger guerrillas ambushed an army patrol in eastern sri lanka saturday , losing an estimated  cadres of their own and killing at least  soldiers , the military said  .
some  people , many of them children , were killed saturday when a fire raced through a banquet hall in northern india where a school was holding an annual function , officials said  .
russian troops saturday broke through to the railway station in gudermes where chechen separatists had kept about  russian troops pinned down , itar-tass news agency reported , citing interior ministry command officials  .
president boris yeltsin on saturday called for tough safety measures to improve russia 's worn-out airforce , following a spate of crashes , interfax reported  .
palestinian leader yasser arafat arrived in bethlehem on saturday to take part in the first christmas celebrations in the biblical town under palestinian rule  .
pope john paul ii 's christmas message to the world delivered from st peter 's square , rome , will be available on the internet , the vatican said saturday  .
rwandan president pasteur bizimungu has warned burundi that it could face a similar ethnic tragedy to that of rwanda if the `` delicate '' situation in burundi is not handled properly , rwandan radio reported in a broadcast monitored by the bbc on saturday  .
more than  people , many of them children , were killed saturday when a fire raced through a banquet hall in northern india where a school was holding an annual function , officials said  .
three sikh separatists have been arrested in the northern indian state of punjab for allegedly plotting to assassinate prime minister p .
un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali is due to visit kuwait on tuesday as part of a tour of the gulf region , officials said saturday  .
the first trucks bringing segments of a floating bridge , which will enable convoys of the nato-led bosnia peace force to cross the sava river into bosnia , arrived at this east croatian border town saturday  .
eritrea said saturday it planned to release  yemeni soldiers taken prisoner during a battle for the disputed red sea island of hanish al - kabir  .
the croatian parliament 's deputy speaker defended his country 's human rights record saturday , a day after a blistering attack by un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali  .
russian search teams have found the bodies of two more russian pilots missing after three fighter jets crashed in the vietnamese jungle  days ago , itar-tass news agency reported saturday  .
big stores and shopping malls in spain , filled with christmas shoppers , have  special security measures to counter a possible bombing campaign by basque separatists , store managers said saturday  .
three seamen were missing saturday after a georgian cargo vessel , the  abashidze , with  tonnes of metal on board sank some  kilometres -lrb-  miles -rrb- off the coast of vietnam , interfax news agency reported  .
sixteen bodies , including those of three children , were found saturday in an apparent mass suicide by members of the solar temple doomsday cult , french state prosecutor jean-louis  said  .
carl bildt , in charge of overseeing the implementation of civilian aspects of the bosnia peace treaty , said saturday he was very concerned by reports that large numbers of serbs could leave sarajevo  .
russian troops saturday broke through to the railway station in gudermes where chechen separatists had kept about  russian troops pinned down , itar-tass news agency reported , citing interior ministry command officials  .
ac milan remain out in front in the italian championship after grabbing a - draw saturday at nearest rivals fiorentina to stay a point clear  .
at least  people , mostly women and children , were killed saturday when fire tore through an indian banquet hall where a school was holding an annual function , officials said  .
rescuers battled to lift  miners to the surface after a blaze swept through a coalmine in eastern ukraine saturday , interfax news agency reported  .
eritrea said saturday it would release  yemeni soldiers taken prisoner during a battle for a disputed red sea island , meeting one of yemen 's conditions for the opening of talks to resolve their week-old conflict  .
former communist aleksandr kwasniewski was sworn in saturday as poland 's new president , succeeding lech walesa , and called for dialogue among competing political forces  .
cuba 's roman catholic bishops criticized what they called an `` unusual '' government prohibition on public christmas displays , and called for boarding school students to be allowed to go home for the day  .
nato 's supreme allied commander europe george joulwan visited saturday some , us troops based here who would back up the ,-strong us nato contingent due in bosnia  .
egypt sent envoys to yemen and eritrea on saturday in a bid to resolve the dispute between the two countries over a strategic red sea island , egyptian president hosni mubarak said  .
an explosion ripped through a coal mine near here , leaving six miners dead and six others trapped , the red cross and firefighters said saturday  .
the us state department reiterated saturday an earlier warning that us citizens in saudi arabia keep a low profile , citing `` unconfirmed information '' of attacks planned against western interests  .
rescuers were still trying to reach  miners left underground saturday after a blaze swept through a coalmine in eastern ukraine , itar-tass news agency reported  .
the wife of a prominent detained human rights activist in nigeria has given birth to a baby , a source close to the family said saturday  .
russian troops saturday broke through to the railway station in gudermes where chechen separatists had kept about  russian troops pinned down , itar-tass news agency reported , citing interior ministry command officials  .
actor jimmy stewart who starred in such american movie classics as `` it 's a wonderful life '' remained under observation at a hospital saturday where he was recovering from a fall , a spokeswoman said  .
south africa 's defense minister joe  arrived in saudi arabia on saturday for a -hour visit aimed at boosting military links with the gulf kingdom , a saudi official said  .
british petroleum -lrb- bp -rrb- and the algerian state-owned oil and gas group sonatrach signed a  .
billion dollar contract saturday to exploit gas supplies in the sahara desert  .
newcastle manager kevin keegan could hardly hide his delight at the display of david ginola after the frenchman had inspired the - win over nottingham forest which leaves them  points clear at the head of the premiership title race on saturday  .
prime minister tansu ciller rallied th-hour support saturday ahead of turkey 's legislative elections , urging voters to pick `` civilization '' rather than the `` forces of darkness  .
the iraqi opposition is divided over a call by jordan 's king hussein to meet for talks on the future of iraq , a shiite moslem opposition group said saturday  .
britain 's fetish for christmas cards is hitting record levels , with royal mail handling  .
billion cards this year , or  million more than last year , postal officials said  .
the full complement of deputies in the mauritius parliament was completed saturday with the appointment of four candidates awarded seats under the `` best loser '' system , the electoral commission said  .
twenty eight serb and bosnian government prisoners of war were exchanged saturday at  near banja luka , western bosnia , in a ceremony witnessed by an afp journalist  .
disgraced olympic figure skater tonya harding was to wed mechanic michael smith saturday aboard a yacht on the willamette river in portland , oregon  .
black actress butterfly mcqueen , who played scarlet o'hara 's maid prissy in `` gone with the wind , '' has died of injuries she suffered in a house fire  .
two major demonstrations took place in spain on saturday to condemn terrorist acts by the basque separatist organization eta , local officials and police said  .
ac milan remain out in front in the italian championship after grabbing a - draw saturday at nearest rivals fiorentina to stay a point clear  .
the hunting of baby seals in norway , banned since  , will resume on new year 's day , the fisheries ministry said saturday  .
israeli foreign minister ehud barak arrived in cairo on saturday in a get-acquainted visit to egypt , his first since taking his position in november , airport sources said  .
shaun gayle 's -yard interception return in the fourth quarter snapped a tie as the san diego chargers rallied from a - deficit to beat the new york giants - and clinch a national football league playoff berth  .
the leader of brazil 's landless farmers ' movement in para state has been murdered in a crime his wife insisted was ordered by wealthy ranchers , police said saturday  .
electoral officials announced saturday that former prime minister rene preval , president jean-bertrand aristide 's political heir-apparent , was the official winner of haiti 's presidential election  .
three top anglican churchmen on sunday issued a strong warning against continuation of an affair between the prince of wales and camilla parker bowles  .
electoral officials announced saturday that former prime minister rene preval , president jean-bertrand aristide 's political heir-apparent , was the official winner of haiti 's presidential election  .
jose naranjo , who held senior posts in cuba 's communist government for  years and was a close personal friend of president fidel castro , has died , sources said saturday  .
the charred bodies of  people believed to be members of the swiss - based solar temple doomsday sect were transported late saturday to a morgue in grenoble where autopsies will be performed  .
the national football league playoff-bound detroit lions defeated the tampa bay buccaneers - here saturday for their seventh straight victory  .
princess diana is taking her time responding to a request from the queen that she agree to a divorce with prince charles , thereby sustaining both suspense and british public interest in the latest royal drama  .
three days after an american airlines jet slammed into an andean mountain with  people on board , emergency workers battled rough terrain and weather to recover bodies as four survivors hung on saturday  .
a north korean army soldier has defected to south korea across the demilitarized zone -lrb- dmz -rrb- , where tension has been heightened by massive exercises on both sides , defense ministry officials here said sunday  .
a federal judge decided saturday to  in custody  of  people detained earlier this month for alleged ties to a july  jewish center bombing that killed  people  .
a federal judge decided saturday to maintain in custody  of  people detained earlier this month for alleged ties to a july  jewish center bombing that killed  people  .
up to  people , most of them children , died on saturday when a fire erupted in a banquet hall in northern india where a school was holding an annual function , officials said sunday  .
prime minister rao expressed deep shock over the tragedy , and ordered officials to provide the best medical care to the injured , at least  of them hospitalised in critical condition  .
cary blanchard kicked a -yard field goal with : left in regulation to lift indianapolis past new england - and into the national football league playoffs for the first time since   .
outfielder ron gant , the national league 's comeback player of the year this season with  home runs for cincinnati , has signed with the st .
the san antonio spurs , dumped from the national basketball association playoffs by eventual champions houston last season , beat the rockets - here on saturday  .
the toll in a tamil tiger guerrilla attack against security forces in eastern sri lanka rose to at least  killed on both sides , the military said sunday  .
jailed former south korean president chun doo-hwan weakened further as he entered the fourth week of a protest fast sunday in a police hospital here , sparking speculation that doctors may force feed him  .
bangladesh 's main opposition leader has agreed to hold a televised meeting with prime minister khaleda zia to end the country 's crippling political crisis , political sources said sunday  .
five latvians and a briton suspected of parachuting crates of arms over eastern india last weekend have been charged with sedition , police here said sunday  .
russian forces said they had killed around  chechen separatists in fighting near vedeno , in the south of the russian breakaway republic , interfax news agency reported sunday  .
the maker of malaysia 's second national car has unveiled plans to launch a  vehicle using daihatsu technology next year , reports said sunday  .
prince norodom sirivudh of cambodia , who was accused of plotting to assassinate co-premier hun sen , arrived here early sunday to take up exile in france , airport sources said  .
three suspected communist assassins who helped murder of a member of the philippine cabinet and waged a bombing campaign in the late s have been arrested in suburban manila , police said sunday  .
armed palestinians shot and wounded an israeli soldier when they opened fire from a car on an army patrol early sunday in the north of the autonomous gaza strip , military officials said  .
a south korean civic group on sunday called for the immediate resumption of humanitarian aid to north korea , in response to its decision to release five southern fishermen held there for seven months  .
sudan 's appointed parliament has unanimously passed a constitutional amendment allowing for presidential and general elections in the country currently run by a military junta , newspapers reported on sunday  .
sudanese president omar el beshir has pardoned all prisoners who have served half their sentences to mark christmas and the anniversary of the country 's independence , state radio reported sunday  .
north korea held weekend-long festivities including dancing to mark the th anniversary of the election of its reclusive leader kim jong - il to the leadership of its  .
a large number of heavily-armed islamic militiamen have been ordered onto the streets of north mogadishu to enforce strict application of islamic sharia laws , sharia court sources said here on sunday  .
relations between taiwan and china will remain strained next year , and the national flag of this island will begin to change in  ,  experts said here sunday  .
russian forces said they had killed around  chechen separatists in fighting near vedeno , in the south of the russian breakaway republic , interfax news agency reported sunday  .
the faction of general mohamed farah aidid has accused the organisation of african unity -lrb- oau -rrb- of persistently interfering in somalia 's internal affairs , press reports said sunday  .
karenni ethnic rebels have declared a ceasefire agreement with the burmese junta null and void due to continued violations of the agreement by the burmese military , a statement received here sunday said  .
iran on sunday slammed the united states for adopting a program of covert action against the islamic republic , warning it would encourage `` terrorism , '' the official news agency irna said  .
israeli foreign minister ehud barak began talks in his first official visit to egypt on sunday dominated by the questions of peace with syria and egyptian pows massacred by israeli soldiers  .
scorecard on the third and final day of the cricket tour match between an australian xi and the west indies here sunday  .
the west indies , searching for a panacea for their batting ills , failed to take maximum advantage of valuable batting practice in their match against an australian xi here sunday  .
match-winning australian leg spinner shane warne and sri lankan captain arjuna ranatunga confirmed sunday they would be playing in the second cricket test , beginning here on boxing day  .
a woman was killed and two other people were seriously injured when indian troops opened `` indiscriminate '' fire on border villages in the pakistani-administered part of kashmir , official sources said sunday  .
nearly  miners were evacuated from a coal mine in eastern ukraine because of a large fire , but no one was injured , a civil safety official said sunday  .
ethiopian foreign minister seyoum mesfin voiced optimism sunday on a return visit to yemen following talks in eritrea aimed at finding a solution to their conflict over a red sea island  .
russian troops killed some  tajik islamic opposition fighters who were attempting to enter tajikistan from afghanistan , during two separate clashes , the russian news agency interfax said on sunday  .
million electors braved snow storms to cast their ballots in the former soviet republic 's first presidential elections , the electoral commission said on sunday  .
two british soldiers have been injured in a mine explosion during a patrol in the area of sanski most , officials said sunday  .
two british soldiers have been injured in a mine explosion during a patrol in the area of sanski most , a spokesman for the nato-led implementation force -lrb- ifor -rrb- said sunday  .
the ruling armenian national movement has asked president levon ter - petrosyan to seek re-election in polls slated for late  , itar-tass news agency reported on sunday  .
the palestinian cabinet led by plo chief yasser arafat formally dissolved a week before the launch of an historic election campaign to elect a self-rule government , officials said sunday  .
some  candidates had signed up to run in next month 's first palestinian self-rule elections to an -seat council when registration closed at midnight , officials said sunday  .
the family of tennis champion steffi graf has made a quick pre - christmas visit to cheer up her father peter , in jail pending investigations into tax evasion allegations , bild am sonntag reported sunday  .
a company of  israeli parachutists mutinied and abandoned their frontline posts in south lebanon to protest mistreatment by a new commander , military officials said sunday  .
russian troops killed some  tajik islamic opposition fighters who were attempting to enter tajikistan from afghanistan , during two separate clashes , the russian news agency interfax said on sunday  .
five latvians and a briton have been charged with sedition in connection with the mysterious air-drop of a large consignment of weapons over eastern india last week , police here said sunday  .
pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto vowed to rid this country of terrorism , while visiting hospitalised victims of last week 's car bombing , which left about  people dead  .
germany 's army chief , general klaus naumann , arrived sunday at split in southern croatia to spend christmas with german troops in the nato implementation force in the former yugoslavia , a nato spokesman said  .
the families of four murdered malawian politicians vowed sunday they would continue pressing for justice despite the acquittal saturday of former president hastings kamuzu banda on murder charges  .
the pakistan government sunday declared the afghan consul general in peshawar , musa khan , persona non grata and ordered him to leave the country within  hours  .
a cairo man set himself on fire in a failed attempt to convince his wife to pawn her jewelry to buy a new video recorder , the daily al - akhbar reported on sunday  .
a blaze on sunday killed three ethnic albanian children from the serbian province of kosovo in home for asylum seekers in this western german town , rescue workers said  .
an -year-old boy was in a critical condition in hospital sunday after being attacked by two rottweiler dogs , police said  .
traces of bullet wounds were discovered on several of the  charred bodies of people believed to be members of the swiss-based solar temple doomsday sect , police said sunday  .
prosecutors will begin investigations into five members of parliament suspected of involvement in the murder of three people and defrauding banks of over  million dollars , officials said on sunday  .
the editor-in-chief of a prominent nigerian weekly magazine , tell , has been arrested by security agents , the magazine 's lawyer told afp sunday  .
pakistan sunday declared the afghan consul general in peshawar , musa khan , persona non grata and ordered him to leave the country within  hours  .
ethiopian foreign minister seyoum mesfin said on sunday he expected a `` quick resolution '' to the conflict between yemen and eritrea over a red sea island , following talks to find a solution to the crisis  .
two people were wounded when police opened fire to disperse hundreds of kashmiri youths demonstrating against the presence of afghans here , police and witnesses said  .
voting in general elections ended in  provinces of eastern turkey at : p .
-lrb-  gmt -rrb- sunday , officials said  .
gunmen on sunday killed a militiaman with the israeli-backed south lebanon army -lrb- sla -rrb- and wounded a lebanese civilian in an attack in southern lebanon , sla officials said  .
the passports of  suspected members of the swiss-based solar temple doomsday sect , who were found dead in eastern france , have been discovered in cars parked near the bodies , corroborating sources said sunday  .
bodies of five men were found in a troubled part of pakistan 's commercial capital karachi sunday , while another man was shot dead elsewhere in the city , police said  .
rescue workers have recovered  bodies from the wreckage of an american airlines flight that slammed into an andean mountain last week with  people on board , police said sunday  .
an opposition newspaper editor was sentenced in absentia to two years in prison and fined nearly , dollars for slander in the first judgement under egypt 's tough new press law , his paper said sunday  .
pakistan sunday declared the afghan consul general in peshawar , musa khan , persona non grata and ordered him to leave the country within  hours  .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- president opened parliament on sunday with a call to reduce reliance on foreigners , who account for nearly two thirds of the gulf country 's population  .
the bosnian army and bosnian serb forces sunday exchanged a total of  prisoners of war on a bridge at the front line at the hamlet of  , witnesses said  .
two people died and  were injured in a tear gas attack on a theater in the bolivian capital that sparked panic among the , people attending the recording of a popular television show , police said sunday  .
the tiny gulf state of bahrain has frozen licences for new hotels after a surge in their number triggered tough competition , officials and hoteliers said on sunday  .
the long christmas weekend holiday began with tragedy at this ski resort when a crowded ski lift plunged  metres -lrb- yards -rrb- killing one holidaymaker , officials said  .
police here claimed sunday to have smashed a drugs distributing center with the seizure of about five million hong kong dollars worth -lrb- about , us -rrb- of suspected herbal cannabis in a raid  .
a fire at the philadelphia zoo , the oldest in the united states , killed  primates including a family of gorillas , a spokesperson said sunday  .
qatar 's former ruler vowed on sunday to return home and regain power , six months after he was toppled by his son in a bloodless palace coup  .
israeli foreign minister ehud barak denied on sunday his country had a hand in the conflict between eritrea and yemen over a strategic island at the mouth of the red sea  .
us army engineers took up positions sunday on both sides of the sava river as they continued work on a pontoon bridge spanning the natural frontier between bosnia and croatia  .
us and chinese airlines will offer the first non-stop passenger flights between the two countries as of april , us transportation secretary frederico pena has announced  .
qatar 's former ruler vowed on sunday to return home and regain power , six months after he was toppled by his son in a bloodless palace coup  .
voting in general elections officially ended across turkey sunday as polling stations in the west of the country shut their doors after nine hours of balloting  .
us army engineers took up positions sunday on both sides of the sava river as they continued work on a pontoon bridge spanning the natural frontier between bosnia and croatia  .
admiral leighton smith , commander of the nato implementation force -lrb- ifor -rrb- in bosnia , said here sunday he will meet bosnian serbs tuesday  .
us and chinese airlines will offer the first non-stop passenger flights between the two countries as of april , us transportation secretary frederico pena has announced  .
a  for the independent russian ntv channel and his driver died sunday in a car accident in the breakaway republic of chechnya , the television said  .
ajax amsterdam 's   broke his right leg during their - dutch league win over nijmegen on sunday  .
turkey 's pro-islamic welfare party was leading in early results in the country 's legislative election sunday with  .
percent popular support , according to the anatolia news agency  .
the environmental organization greenpeace hit out sunday at a norwegian decision to resume the hunting of baby seals  .
tuzla 's catholic priest father petar  will hold a special mass on christmas day for the  members of the croat brigade of the bosnian army killed in tuzla during the bosnian war , he said sunday  .
us air defense swung its high-tech battery of radars and satellites towards the north pole sunday to keep children updated on santa claus ' great world tour  .
russian doctors wearing helmets and flak jackets managed to remove an unexploded grenade buried in the leg of a soldier wounded in the rebel russian republic of chechnya , itar-tass news agency said sunday  .
a us airline will offer the first non-stop passenger flights to china as of april , us transportation secretary frederico pena has announced  .
a lazy student who wanted to avoid taking an exam because he was badly prepared , telephoned kuwait university with a bomb threat and forced the buildings to be evacuated , newspapers here said sunday  .
us troops stationed at this border town received an unexpected visit sunday from santa claus , who  his way through the bases spreading a little seasonal cheer among the , soldiers  .
turkey 's pro-islamic welfare party lost its early lead in the country 's legislative election sunday as the centre-right motherland party climbed to first place with  .
italy has decided to grant a  -lrb-  million dollars -rrb- loan to algeria in  to finance investment projects in the beleaguered north african country , italy 's ambassador in algiers patrizio  said sunday  .
christmas shoppers looked on in horror in turin town center sunday as a motorist knocked down a policeman who retaliated by whipping out his gun and firing at the car as it sped off , police said  .
the people of an arab village in northern israel won a -year legal battle on sunday to force the jewish state to rebuild their homes , seized by israeli troops in  and destroyed three years later  .
rescue workers have recovered  bodies from the wreckage of an american airlines flight that slammed into an andean mountain last week with  people on board , police said sunday  .
president bill clinton and his wife hillary offered holiday greetings sunday to us troops serving in bosnia and said their peacekeeping mission to the war-wracked republic was of the highest order  .
there 's nothing cheerful this christmas on board the stainless glory  .
a british helicopter flying in northwest bosnia was fired on sunday but not hit , ifor officials said  .
turkey 's ruling true path party was in a fierce three-way race for power sunday as early results in national legislative elections began coming in  .
a letter sent to a swiss newspaper in  claimed that members of the order of the solar temple were murdered in march  and in january   .
a -year-old man was held at gunpoint by three armed raiders who stole a million marks -lrb- , dollars -rrb- from a casino in bad  , western germany , police said sunday  .
three church of england clerics added their voices sunday to the debate about prince charles 's chances of being crowned king as a divorcee or even as a remarried man  .
algerian security forces killed  armed islamic extremists in different parts of the country , the security services said sunday in a communique  .
the pro-islamic welfare party is expected to have at least  seats in the -seat new parliament to be set up after sunday 's legislative election , turkey 's state television said early monday  .
actor jimmy stewart , the star of the us christmas movie classic `` it 's a wonderful life , '' left the hospital sunday and headed home to recover from a slight head injury sustained in a fall  .
rescue workers have recovered  bodies from the wreckage of an american airlines flight that slammed into an andean mountain last week with  people on board , police said sunday  .
defense minister oscar camilion denied sunday press reports that argentina was negotiating weapons sales to iran  .
- yen here early monday , up from  .
japanese share prices opened higher monday , with the nikkei average on the tokyo stock exchange rising  .
pope john paul ii , celebrating christmas eve midnight mass before a congregation of , here , declared that the birth of jesus kindled mankind 's hope for peace in the world  .
hopes for a record time in the sydney-hobart yacht racing classic faded monday with weathermen forecasting light winds around the finish  .
louis - sunday , but had to wait through denver 's nail-biting - victory over oakland to claim a berth in the national football league american conference playoffs  .
mesut yilmaz , head of turkey 's right-wing motherland party , early monday reaffirmed his opposition to a coalition with the islam-based welfare party -lrb- refah -rrb- that is tipped to win sunday 's legislative vote  .
china must intensify its war against embezzlement and bribery next year , while keeping a close watch on reforms in its own judicial system , a senior judge was quoted as saying monday  .
denied monday a report that it planned to shift its north american base for production of subcompact `` sentra '' cars from the united states to mexico  .
an egyptian woman overcame us state department hurdles to arrive here sunday in hopes of saving her brother 's life with a vital bone marrow transplant  .
incumbent kyrgyzstan president askar akayev has retained his post after winning  percent of the vote in sunday 's election , the russian news agency interfax reported , citing preliminary results  .
general john shalikashvili , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , and national security advisor anthony lake will be spending time with the us troops in haiti on christmas day , the white house said sunday  .
the islam-based welfare party -lrb- refah -rrb- early monday maintained a narrow lead in turkey 's legislative elections , having won  .
percent of the vote , according to the state television network trt  .
the central chinese authorities will oppose any attempt by the beijing government to hike car registration fees , a senior official said monday in an apparent bid to curb panic-buying at the capital 's car   .
hong kong in  is likely to retain its title as the world 's busiest container port , leaving rival singapore second-placed , the port development board said monday  .
authorities here have forced down another russian-built transport plane in indian airspace , days after an antonov- was seized on suspicion of carrying weapons , officials said here monday  .
police and security forces went on red alert across sri lanka on monday amid fears of tamil guerrilla attacks timed to coincide with the christmas holiday , officials said  .
jailed former south korean president chun doo-hwan marked christmas by continuing a defiant hunger strike in a police hospital here monday , flatly rejecting a plea by his family to stop the fast  .
the pro-islamic welfare -lrb- refah -rrb- party scored a narrow victory over two secular formations in turkey 's legislative election sunday but is likely to remain an opposition force as its rivals refuse to accept it in a governing coalition  .
the nikkei average of the tokyo stock exchange stood at , .
the dollar was steady against the yen and other major currencies in quiet trading here monday , with investors largely absent for the christmas break , dealers said  .
percent higher on monday , with the nikkei stock average supported by foreign investor-led buying , brokers said  .
tamil tiger guerrillas marked christmas by blasting three electricity transformers in eastern sri lanka and plunging dozens of villages in darkness as troops remained on red alert , officials said  .
an earth tremor shook the area around darwin in northern australia on monday , police said  .
percent higher monday on foreign-led buying , with investors remaining optimistic that the nikkei stock average would move towards the , point level this week , brokers said  .
south korean prosecutors on monday arrested  people , including three former policemen , for drugs trafficking after a three-month search with help from japan and china , a prosecution office said  .
said monday it would set up a computer software unit on january  to market video compact disk -lrb- cd -rrb- software in japan  .
a major offshore earthquake , measuring seven on the richter scale , shook large areas of northern australia on monday , a seismological official said  .
fifteen seamen were missing in the south china sea on monday after an indonesian-owned merchant ship issued a distress message , hong kong marine rescue officials said  .
north korea 's reclusive leader kim jong-il on monday called for a `` powerful ' ideological drive against `` counter-revolutionary plots and traitorous acts  .
seven cambodian traders were killed and five injured monday when three khmer rouge artillery shells landed in a market at poipet , on the thai border , thai and cambodian officials said  .
an israeli delegation to talks with syria left israel early monday for washington for the first direct peace negotiations with a syrian team in six months , officials said  .
iran voiced satisfaction on monday at the victory of the pro-islamic welfare -lrb- refah -rrb- party in the turkish legislative election , saying it was a triumph for islam over secularism  .
grieving parents waited at a crowded crematorium in a northern indian town monday to light the funeral pyres of their children killed in a fire that erupted at a school party , claiming more than  lives  .
some  israeli parachutists who mutinied , abandoning their frontline post in south lebanon in a protest against their captain , have been jailed for  days each , military officials said monday  .
the united states and other countries are pressing bangladeshi politicians to negotiate an end to the drawn out crisis that has paralysed their country as fears grew of further unrest , reports said monday  .
german foundation official dorothee von  was allowed to enter kenya on sunday after personal intervention by president daniel arap moi , the daily nation newspaper reported here on monday  .
sudan has returned more than , ethiopian refugees to their country in the past  days , the deputy commissioner for refugees mohammed ahmed hussein said on monday  .
a strong offshore earthquake jolted large areas of northern australia on monday , a seismological official said  .
the ruble fell five points against the dollar on the moscow interbank market on monday , trading at , to the greenback against friday 's close of ,  .
malaysia 's first independent power producer -lrb- ipp -rrb- ytl power generation is to list to pump up liquidity for expansion into the power generation business in asia , officials said monday  .
two train drivers were killed and four passengers injured , one critically , when a train derailed early monday as it was crossing a nature park at  , in southern spain , railways officials said  .
the islam-based welfare party -lrb- refah -rrb- maintained a narrow lead in turkey 's legislative elections , with  .
percent of the vote , according to the latest figures broadcast on monday by the state television network trt  .
fifteen seamen were missing in the south china sea on monday after an indonesian-owned merchant ship issued a distress message before sinking , hong kong marine rescue officials said  .
okinawa mayor  arakawa said monday he would refuse to renew leases of city 's land for us bases following an outcry over the rape of a -year-old girl allegedly by us servicemen on the island  .
israel will open a trade representation in oman in january , its first diplomatic mission in the gulf , omani foreign minister yussef ibn alawi said here on monday  .
a bosnian mp has been freed after spending  days in detention by bosnian serbs , a sarajevo daily reported monday  .
pope john paul ii is running a fever and will not celebrate christmas mass at saint peter 's basilica , the vatican announced on monday  .
a british soldier died in sarajevo sunday night from a still unknown cause , a nato spokesman said here monday  .
the bodies of  russian soldiers were found in the chechen town of gudermes on monday following heavy fighting with chechen guerrillas , officials said , bringing the official death toll to at least  soldiers  .
pope john paul ii was running a fever and was unable to celebrate christmas mass at saint peter 's basilica for the first time since taking office , the vatican announced on monday  .
un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali said on monday he was still hopeful that iraq would accept a un deal allowing it to sell some oil to buy badly-needed food and medicines  .
queen elizabeth ii hailed `` ceaseless '' efforts of peacemakers and unsung heroes throughout the world , in countries ranging from ex - yugoslavia to northern ireland , in her christmas day speech on monday  .
a group of activists began a -hour hunger strike here monday to show support for chinese dissident wei jingsheng , sentenced to  years in jail earlier this month  .
a powerful explosion ripped through the office of a district administrator in kashmir shortly before a top-level meeting with india 's internal security minister syed   , but no-one was injured , reports said  .
pope john paul ii was forced to interrupt giving his traditional urbi and orbi blessing , which had only just begun from the windows of his  apartment in the vatican  .
the mission sent by the organisation for cooperation and security in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- to chechnya has been provisionally pulled out of the capital grozny , german foreign minister klaus kinkel announced monday  .
egypt demanded on monday that israel put its nuclear weapons arsenal on the negotiating table in peace talks with arab states after a visit by israeli foreign minister ehud barak to cairo  .
the mission sent by the organisation for cooperation and security in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- to chechnya has been provisionally pulled out of the capital grozny , german foreign minister klaus kinkel announced monday  .
pope john paul ii was forced to interrupt giving his traditional urbi and orbi blessing , which had only just begun from the windows of his  apartment in the vatican  .
a delegation from the jordanian energy ministry left here monday for baghdad to negotiate a deal to buy extra iraqi oil to cover its  fuel needs , officials said  .
the qatari authorities refused to react on monday to a vow by the country 's deposed emir to return to regain power , six months after he was toppled by his son in a bloodless coup  .
the iranian parliament 's speaker , ali akbar nategh nuri , called here monday for closer ties with arab kingdoms across the gulf in an effort to undermine the influence of western countries in the region  .
pope john paul ii returned to the windows of his private apartment to wish the crowd below a merry christmas  minutes after breaking off his traditional blessing , apparently from not feeling well  .
on the richter scale monday jolted the eastern indonesian islands in the banda sea but initial reports spoke of only limited damage , the meteorology and geophysics office here said  .
turkey 's outgoing prime minister tansu ciller said monday that her true path party was ready to start talks with the rival centre-right motherland party for forming a coalition government to stand against rising islamists  .
egypt demanded on monday that israel put its nuclear weapons arsenal on the negotiating table in peace talks with arab states after a visit by israeli foreign minister ehud barak to cairo  .
voters in the separatist , mainly ethnic-russian enclave of transdniestr in moldova voted overwhelmingly to uphold an independent constitution , officials in the enclave said monday  .
pope john paul ii returned to the windows of his private apartment to wish the crowd below a happy christmas ,  minutes after breaking off his traditional blessing because he had felt unwell  .
the united states is gambling that an th-century plantation converted into a conference center on maryland 's eastern shore will prove the perfect setting for israel-syria peace talks  .
israeli prime minister shimon peres , who took over from rabin after his tragic death , has offered several concessions concerning the golan heights and pledged while visiting the united states earlier this month to make peace with syria his utmost priority  .
palestinian leader yasser arafat is to make his first trip to oman since the  gulf war on tuesday , a close aide said  .
turkey 's two centre-right parties , motherland and the true path party of outgoing prime minister tansu ciller , said monday they would consider forming a coalition after an election victory by the islamists  .
general sani abacha on monday urged nigerians to emulate the humble life of jesus christ by putting into practice `` the higher ideals of sacrifice , selflessness and love ''  .
the israeli army on monday evacuated a military base and prison in a village close to the flashpoint town of hebron on the west bank , palestinian officials said  .
twelve persons were sunday roasted to death in a road accident that occured in  road , in southwest nigeria , when two vehicles coming from opposite direction collided , the punch newspaper reported monday  .
, a businessman of jewish origin , entered the turkish parliament in sunday 's legislative election , becoming the first non - moslem deputy in the national assembly in  years  .
israel is to grant a request from leah rabin , the widow of slain prime minister yitzhak rabin , and rent her a small office and a state car and driver , officials said monday  .
israel repeated its demands monday for a strategic change in syria 's stand in their peace negotiations and a full normalisation of relations as conditions for any withdrawal on the golan heights  .
divers from the us navy special operations forces on monday plumbed the icy depths of the river sava and checked for mines in preparation for building a floating bridge to carry nato troops into bosnia  .
german finance minister theo waigel says he refuses to ``  '' about a possible delay of economic and monetary union -lrb- emu -rrb- in the european union and he rejects any toning down of stability criteria  .
turkish prime minister tansu ciller on monday handed in her resignation to president suleyman demirel , who accepted it , after her party was defeated in legislative elections , the anatolia news agency said  .
german finance minister theo waigel says he refuses to ``  '' about a possible delay of economic and monetary union -lrb- emu -rrb- in the european union and he rejects any toning down of stability criteria  .
seven hundred candidates have signed up to run in next month 's first palestinian self-rule elections to an -seat council , officials said monday  .
delegations from iraq and jordan began talks in baghdad on monday to negotiate a deal for jordan to buy extra iraqi oil to cover its  fuel needs , the official iraqi news agency said  .
the powerful german unions are aiming at forcing companies to drop overtime work to give workers more free time , their main representative , dieter schulte , said on monday  .
prayers were held monday for the safe release of four westerners held by moslem militants in troubled kashmir , police and witnesses said , after  people were killed in the indian state  .
britain 's royal family gathered here monday to celebrate christmas together with one notable exception , princess diana , who spent the festive season away from her sons for the first time  .
turkey 's two centre-right parties , motherland and the true path party of tansu ciller , who on monday stepped down as premier , said they would consider forming a coalition against islamists who won general elections  .
eritrea is to free  yemeni prisoners of war on wednesday who were captured during its seizure of the strategic red sea island of hanish al-kabir , sources close to the government here said monday  .
qatar 's former ruler arrived in bahrain on monday to drum up support among gulf arab nations for his return to power , six months after being toppled by his son in a bloodless palace coup  .
the president of kazakhstan , nursultan  , is to arrive in israel on tuesday for a three-day official visit , officials said  .
switzerland is saddled with a stubborn budget deficit year after year that budgetary `` corrections '' can not do away with completely , swiss finance minister kaspar villiger told correspondents over the weekend  .
at least six people were killed -- five in road accidents -- and more than  were injured across the country as argentines celebrated christmas , police said  .
as president richard nixon 's chief of staff , general alexander haig told white house doctors during the watergate scandal to take away any pills the former president might have had , haig said  .
pope john paul ii was forced monday to break off a traditional seasonal blessing , suffering from a fever which had earlier prevented him for the first time from saying christmas mass  .
emergency crews at the site where an american airlines flight crashed last week searched the wreckage for four remaining bodies monday , as a us newspaper attributed the accident to human error  .
pope john paul ii , who broke off a traditional seasonal blessing after he was briefly taken ill monday , has a long history of health problems which have plagued his -year tenure as the head of the roman catholic church  .
egyptian president hosni mubarak is to travel to jordan 's red sea resort of aqaba on tuesday to meet king hussein , a jordanian official said  .
final results confirmed monday the communist party 's crushing victory in russia 's parliamentary elections and showed that they and their potential leftist allies were set to control  of the lower house 's  seats  .
at least nine people died and eight were injured when an estimated  armed men attacked a coastal neighborhood in south africa 's kwazulu - natal province early on sunday , police said  .
colombia 's drug-trafficking hub of cali registered the most murders on christmas eve as part of a wave of killings that left  dead in the country 's three largest cities , police said monday  .
the french labor scene seems sure to be busy in january , following the christmas `` truce '' , as government decrees on reforming the debt-laden social security system and various negotiations are in the offing  .
yemen said on monday that it had documents proving its claim to the disputed hanish island chain in the red sea , which eritrea invaded last week  .
ecuador 's coffee revenues dropped nearly  percent in  due to falling prices and reduced exports , an official with the national coffee exporters association said monday  .
percent on monday , a day after islamist party refah led general elections with a score of more than  percent  .
british group taylor woodrow has been chosen to build the st .
petersburg station for a future high-speed train to link that city with moscow , russian news agency interfax said on monday  .
a train was derailed and a building collapsed after heavy rains wrought havoc across northern portugal early monday , bringing misery to hundreds of people celebrating christmas in the region  .
liberia 's george weah was announced on monday as the  winner of football 's prestigious ballon d'or award -- the first time a non - european has been honored  .
the brazilian attorney-general 's office will investigate allegations linking a controversial religious leader here to the notorious cali drug cartel , the newspaper o globo said monday  .
colombian police chief general rosso jose serrano called monday on left-wing guerrillas to lay down their arms and rejoin government - sponsored peace talks  .
an american helicopter was forced to make an emergency landing monday in bosnian serb-held territory , after developing a fault , a us official said  .
at least nine people died and eight were injured when an estimated  armed men attacked a coastal neighborhood in south africa 's kwazulu - natal province early on sunday , police said  .
admiral leighton smith , supreme commander of the nato-led intervention force , is to meet speaker of the bosnian serb parliament when he visits pale on tuesday , the bosnian serb news agency srna said  .
an american helicopter was forced to make an emergency landing monday in bosnian serb-held territory , after developing a mechanical fault , a us official said  .
veteran us actor , singer and comedian dean martin died monday at age  , his agent mort viner said  .
while crippling transport strikes had ended in most of the rest of france , the situation in the mediterranean city of marseille remained paralysed on monday , with buses and metro trains set to remain idle for another day at least  .
the archbishop of canterbury , george carey , evoked the collapsed marriage of the prince and princess of wales as he warned of the dangers of the breakdown in home life in his traditional christmas message  .
the israeli parliament rejected on monday a censure motion brought by the opposition over government plans to return the golan heights to syria in exchange for peace  .
a child died and two people were injured on monday when a mine exploded inside israel 's self-declared `` security zone '' in southern lebanon , a military report said  .
veteran us actor , singer and comedian dean martin died at his home monday of acute respiratory failure , his agent mort viner said  .
veteran us actor , singer and comedian dean martin died at his home monday of acute respiratory failure , his agent mort viner said  .
two leading anglican clerics on monday entered the fray around the broken marriage of the prince of wales , saying that it was not the church 's role to tell him who he could or could not have a personal relationship with  .
peruvian lawmakers warned monday a new arms race could be looming following ecuador 's purchase , authorized by the united states , of four israeli kfir fighter jets  .
yemen urged the united states on monday to mediate in its dispute with eritrea over the hanish island chain in the red sea , an official report here said  .
a guest who fired into the air during a turkish wedding ceremony here monday apparently forgot that he was indoors , and the bullets ricocheted off the ceiling , killing two women and injuring eight other people , police said  .
nicaragua has one of the world 's fastest-growing populations ,  .
percent annually , as at least  percent of women of childbearing age use no family planning method , a un report released monday found  .
a top official in algeria 's islamic salvation front -lrb- fis -rrb- applauded monday the electoral strides of turkey 's pro-islamic welfare party , urging turkey to act as a moslem go-between with the western world  .
sri lanka won the toss and sent australia into bat in the second cricket test at the melbourne cricket ground here tuesday  .
- yen here early tuesday , up from  .
share prices opened slightly higher on the tokyo stock exchange tuesday , with the key nikkei average rising  .
share prices opened slightly higher on the tokyo stock exchange tuesday , with the key nikkei average rising  .
at least  people suffered violent deaths over the long christmas weekend in this sprawling megalopolis of more than  million ,  of them murdered and  killed in car crashes , police said  .
three of the four survivors of last week 's american airlines crash in colombia were upgraded from critical to serious but stable condition monday as crews searched for two remaining bodies  .
australia were  for one at lunch on the opening day of the second test against sri lanka at the melbourne cricket ground on tuesday  .
japanese share prices were marginally higher tuesday morning , with gains limited by profit-taking , brokers said  .
the  competitors in the st sydney to hobart yacht race set off tuesday in perfect weather and with all eyes on the american maxi ,  , with its billionaire crew including rupert murdoch and larry ellison  .
boeing commercial airplane group is tipped to secure a deal worth more than five billion ringgit -lrb- two billion dollars -rrb- with malaysia airline system bhd .
the exiled leader of the philippines communist party on tuesday vowed to pursue his movement 's guerrilla war but attacked an extreme left wing hit squad operating in manila as `` a group of bandits ''  .
traditional christmas day celebrations at sydney 's bondi beach could be banned after , people took part in riots at the world famous beachside suburb , police said tuesday  .
food shortages in north korea will be high on the agenda when the united states , japan and south korea open high-level policy talks next month , officials and news reports said tuesday  .
australia were  for two at tea on the opening day of the second test against sri lanka at the melbourne cricket ground on tuesday  .
scores at tea on the opening day of the second test between australia and sri lanka at the melbourne cricket ground on tuesday  .
sri lankan spinner muttiah muralidaran was no-balled seven times for apparent throwing on a sensational opening day of the second test against australia on tuesday  .
the aum supreme truth cult 's former top doctor on tuesday pleaded guilty to kidnapping cult followers and helping a  disciple hide by carrying out plastic surgery on him and erasing his fingerprints  .
the dollar looked top-heavy against the yen and the mark in static trading here tuesday , with foreign investor selling lightly pressuring the us unit , dealers said  .
indian police stormed the golden temple in the sikh holy city of amritsar in an overnight raid to flush out the alleged killer of a top sikh politician , officials said tuesday  .
emmitt smith set the single-season national football league record for rushing and total touchdowns in a season here monday as dallas cruised to a - victory over arizona  .
australia were  for three at the close on the opening day of the second test against sri lanka at the melbourne cricket ground on tuesday  .
japanese share prices rallied to a new high for the year tuesday with the key market barometer closing  .
percent higher on late buying from domestic investors  .
palestinian police tuesday took control of villages surrounding the flashpoint town of hebron from israeli soldiers , a palestinian official said  .
close scores on the opening day of the second test between australia and sri lanka at the melbourne cricket ground on tuesday  .
more than  people drowned when the  river burst its banks and flooded shanty settlements near this kwazulu-natal provincial capital , police said tuesday  .
yemen could resort to force to seize back from eritrean forces a disputed red sea island captured more than a week ago in a battle , the official press said here tuesday  .
five people were killed and more than , people were displaced by extensive flooding in the northeastern philippines over the christmas weekend , the red cross and radio reports said tuesday  .
chinese legislators have stressed the importance of setting limits of authority if martial law is imposed across the country , a report said tuesday  .
burma 's military rulers have cracked down on political prisoners in an effort to identify the source of reports on prison conditions , an opposition group charged tuesday  .
egyptian president hosni mubarak left on tuesday for the jordanian port city of aqaba for a few hours of talks with jordan 's king hussein , airport officials said  .
palestinian leader yasser arafat left tuesday for his first trip to oman since the  gulf war  .
egyptian president hosni mubarak spoke by telephone with his eritrean counterpart issaias afeworki on tuesday in a bid to mediate in asmara 's dispute with yemen over a red sea island , officials said  .
egyptian president hosni mubarak spoke by telephone with his eritrean counterpart issaias afeworki on tuesday in a bid to mediate in asmara 's dispute with yemen over a red sea island , officials said  .
the tokyo high court ordered the government to pay  million yen -lrb- one billion dollars -rrb- in damages for noise to  residents near an airbase used jointly by japanese and us naval forces  .
the ruble fell three points against the dollar on the moscow interbank market on tuesday , trading at , to the greenback  .
the iranian parliament was urged here on tuesday to approve a budget for covert action against the united states to retaliate against similar measures taken by washington against the islamic republic  .
sudan will next week hold a national congress of professionals and experts to select more than a quarter of the country 's first elected parliament since  , the daily al-sudan al-hadith said tuesday  .
south korean prosecutors on tuesday questioned former defense minister lee  on his role in the  massacre of pro-democracy demonstrators  .
the commander of nato forces in bosnia , admiral leighton smith , was due to meet tuesday with bosnian serb leaders in their mountain stronghold of pale , not far from sarajevo  .
a quickfire  off  balls by jimmy adams and roger harper saved west indies in their one day match against queensland at the brisbane ` gabba on tuesday  .
government troops preparing for an expected large-scale offensive against khmer rouge guerrillas near this northwest provincial capital said tuesday they face severe shortages of food , medicine , ammunition and other supplies  .
south africa won the toss and captain hansie cronje elected to bat on the first day of the fourth test between south africa and england here tuesday  .
the italian telecommunications holding company stet , which won bidding to acquire  percent of the russian telecommunications firm  , has refused to sign the final contract , a spokesman for the russian privatization center said tuesday  .
kazakhstan 's president nursultan nazarbayev met with his israeli counterpart ezer weizman tuesday at the start of a three-day official visit to israel  .
jordanian authorities have seized several kilogrammes of `` extremely dangerous '' material destined for iraq and capable of being used to produce chemical weapons , customs officials said tuesday  .
egyptian president hosni mubarak arrived here on tuesday for talks with king hussein on the eve of a resumption of peace negotiations between israel and syria  .
only  women will sit in the new -member turkish parliament following sunday 's legislative elections , which a pro-islamic party won by a slim margin  .
president suharto has cleared transport minister haryanto dhanutirto of accusations of corruption , but said his ministry had levied illegal funds from state firms , state secretary murdiono said tuesday  .
former south korean  chun doo-hwan intensified his fast tuesday as prosecutors grilled an ex-defense minister on his role in a  massacre of pro-democracy demonstrators  .
bank of thailand deputy governor   has been suspended from office due to alleged violations of state law on the supervision of financial institutions , finance minister surakiart sathirathai said tuesday  .
jordanian customs officials said tuesday they had seized several kilogrammes of `` extremely dangerous '' imported chemical products heading for iraq and capable of being used to make weapons  .
percent to a new high for the year tuesday , while other asia markets reported thin trade in the absence of foreign investors due to the christmas holidays  .
the french watchdog reporters sans frontiers -lrb- rsf -rrb- condemned on tuesday the sentencing of two egyptian opposition journalists to two years in prison for slander under a controversial new press law  .
palestinian leader yasser arafat arrived here tuesday for his first trip to oman in five years since relations were soured after the  iraqi invasion of kuwait  .
russian president boris yeltsin set up a presidential council on foreign policy tuesday as the future of foreign minister andrei kozyrev remained uncertain  .
sri lanka 's star spinner muttiah muralidaran was embroiled in a new controversy on tuesday after being called for throwing seven times on the first day of the second test against australia  .
the condition of pope john paul ii , who was taken ill during the traditional christmas blessing , is `` constantly improving , '' the vatican 's spokesman said tuesday  .
the paris bourse slumped early tuesday in slow trading amid profit - taking , as other european financial centres remained closed for the christmas holiday  .
pakistan on tuesday called on moslem states to pool their resources and establish a scientific and technical network to end their `` total dependency '' on more advanced nations  .
a group of activists ended a symbolic -hour hunger strike here tuesday held to show support for chinese dissident wei jingsheng , sentenced to  years in jail earlier this month  .
police and troops on tuesday searched for more bodies in the bushland surrounding the coastal area of   where at least  people were killed in a christmas day massacre , police said  .
eritrea has proposed international observers oversee the withdrawal of its troops and  soldiers from a disputed red sea island , a government official said tuesday  .
two nigerian men were shot dead and a woman seriously wounded in densely-populated hillbrow suburb here tuesday in what police believe is a drug-related killing  .
police and troops on tuesday searched for more bodies in the bushland surrounding the coastal area of   where at least  people were killed in a christmas day massacre , police said  .
south africa made an unspectacular but solid start after winning the toss and electing to bat on the first day of the fourth test against england here tuesday  .
liberia 's sports ambassador george weah said tuesday he would have to work harder to justify his selection as european footballer of the year  .
basque police on tuesday arrested three suspected members of the basque separatist group eta here and seized  kilograms -lrb-  pounds -rrb- of explosives  .
a deputy governor of the bank of thailand has been suspended from office due to alleged violations of state law on the supervision of financial institutions , finance minister surakiart sathirathai said tuesday  .
four thousand people died and about , were injured in some , natural and man-made disasters in russia this year , minister for emergencies sergei shoigu said tuesday  .
more than  people are feared dead in a flashflood which swept through a black shantytown near this kwazulu-natal provincial capital on christmas day , police said tuesday  .
samiha khalil , the -year-old grandmother running against yasser arafat for the presidency of the palestinian self-rule executive , said tuesday she would seek cancellation of the oslo peace accords with israel if elected  .
pathologists began autopsies here on tuesday on  charred bodies of the doomsday sect solar temple which were discovered in a forest near here last saturday  .
gerhard berger says michael schumacher will be unable to retain his world formula one motor racing title with ferrari next year  .
five russians are due to stand trial for the murder of two chinese businessmen who were robbed of money and jewellery in russia 's far east , interfax news agency reported tuesday , citing a spokesman for the chief prosecutor 's office  .
kazakhstan 's president nursultan nazarbayev met with his israeli counterpart ezer weizman on tuesday at the start of the first official visit to israel by a leader of the moslem-led former soviet republic  .
france wants to strengthen its cooperation with the new turkish government that will be formed following legislative elections in which an islamic party became the country 's foremost political formation , an official spokesman said tuesday  .
scorecard in the one-day cricket match between queensland and the west indies at the ` gabba here tuesday  .
palestinian leader yasser arafat held talks here on tuesday with oman 's ruler , sultan qaboos , on his second trip -lrb- eds : correct -rrb- to the country in five years , officials said  .
stuart law , spurned by australia 's test selectors , orchestrated another defeat for the west indies , this time a four-wicket win for queensland in a day-night limited over cricket match at the ` gabba here late tuesday  .
president jiang zemin , in a trip to two backward provinces in northwestern china , has warned communist party officials to bear in mind the problems of the poor , the official news agency xinhua reported tuesday  .
malawi 's second vice-president , chakufwa chihana , has threatened to pull his alliance for democracy -lrb- aford -rrb- out of the coalition government headed by president bakili muluzi , state radio reported tuesday  .
has tied up with an indian automobile manufacturer and a financial services firm to set up two car finance companies here , a joint company statement issued tuesday said  .
the nigerian ministry of aviation on tuesday slammed the british aviation authority -lrb- baa -rrb- for what it described as the unprovoked disruption of scheduled nigeria airways flights to london  .
us soldiers on tuesday set up their first checkpoint in the serb-held posavina corridor , one of the most hotly contested zones in northern bosnia  .
thousands of squatters were made homeless tuesday when fire razed  houses in a village in malaysia 's eastern sabah state , fire department officials said  .
an iraqi , two egyptians , a jordanian and a kuwaiti on tuesday were the winners of the arab world 's richest prize for writers and intellectuals worth a total of , dollars  .
british police on tuesday said they feared that a  year-old french girl who went missing a week ago while hitch-hiking to spend christmas with her cousin in britain may have been murdered  .
bus and subway fares in beijing will soar from january  -- in some cases quadrupling -- to help the city 's public transport companies reduce chronic losses , xinhua reported tuesday  .
necmettin erbakan , head of the pro-islamic welfare party -lrb- refah -rrb- which emerged as the largest party in parliament after turkey 's weekend elections , said tuesday he was ready to form a coalition with any party  .
a  afghan has been identified as a prime suspect in last week 's car bomb blast in peshawar that left dozens dead and more than  injured , state-run  said tuesday  .
of bridge over the river sava to provide american gis in the nato peace mission with a land passage to bosnia will start around december  , a senior nato official said tuesday  .
electricity-generating capacity in china will rise by  percent over the next five years , power industry minister shi dazhen said tuesday , outlining plans to reform the industry 's structure  .
chinese vice-premier qian qichen tuesday praised the work done by the preliminary working committee -lrb- pwc -rrb- on hong kong , saying the transfer of the british colony to china in  would be `` smooth  .
scoreboard at tea on the first day of the fourth test between south africa and england here tuesday  .
england had taken what advantage there was on the first day of the fourth test against south africa at tea here tuesday  .
a key republican legislator has warned the clinton administration that more federal borrowing despite congress 's refusal to raise the debt ceiling could raise profound legal questions , the washington post reported tuesday  .
the bank of france left its key interest rates unchanged on tuesday and injected  .
billion francs into the money market at a rate of  .
a french ifor soldier was slightly injured in the vicinity of sarajevo tuesday when his vehicle drove over a mine , an ifor spokesman said  .
hundreds of police in gunboats netted , cannabis and poppy plants worth a million dollars in a huge raid on an island family of drug dealers in south egypt on tuesday , police said  .
palestinian police said tuesday they were ready to take control of ramallah , raising the possibility that an israeli troop withdrawal from the major west bank town may be moved up  hours  .
the head of the german government 's economic advisory panel , herbert  , proposes that the german vat -lrb- value added tax -rrb- rate , the lowest in europe , should be increased  .
an israeli minister on tuesday for the first time urged the release of nuclear technician mordechai vanunu , jailed in  for providing secrets on israel 's atomic weapons program to a british newspaper  .
million housing units for persons at low and medium income levels , the president of the tenants ' federation , anke fuchs , said on tuesday  .
scotland star gary armstrong is set to make his league debut for newcastle against wakefield next week after becoming the latest big name to join rob andrew 's ambitious newcastle on tuesday  .
the bodies of  people swept away from their shantytown in a flashflood on christmas day had by late tuesday been pulled from the swollen  river here , police said  .
palestinian police have detained a palestinian editor for choosing to publish a complimentary article on yasser arafat on an inside page of his newspaper rather than on page one , palestinian sources said tuesday  .
one russian seaman was dead , nine were missing and feared dead and  rescued after their fishing trawler sank in freezing waters off northern norway early tuesday , bodoe rescue center officials said  .
russian president boris yeltsin tuesday ended his stay at a sanatorium outside moscow and moved to his home in the same area two months after being rushed to hospital with heart trouble , the kremlin said  .
the commander of nato forces in bosnia , admiral leighton smith , said tuesday he would consider delaying serb handover over parts of sarajevo following a request from bosnian serb leaders  .
bosnian serb hardliner momcilo krajisnik , a fierce opponent of the dayton peace accords , is radovan karadzic 's choice to succeed him as bosnian serb leader , say bosnian serb sources  .
president boris yeltsin moved tuesday to take a firmer grip on russian foreign policy , setting up a special council which could water down the power of an increasingly beleaguered foreign minister andrei kozyrev  .
yemeni president ali abdallah saleh sent a senior advisor to kuwait on tuesday for the first time since the  gulf crisis , seeking political support in a dispute with eritrea , an official said  .
turkish prime minister tansu ciller and mesut yilmaz , leader of centre-right motherland party , said tuesday they had agreed to explore ways of forming a broad-based coalition government  .
egyptian president hosni mubarak said on tuesday that egypt and jordan share common goals in their relations with iraq and in the middle east peace process , after talks here with king hussein  .
russian president boris yeltsin tuesday ended his stay at a sanatorium outside moscow and moved to his home in the same area two months after being rushed to hospital with heart trouble , the kremlin said  .
a french ifor soldier was slightly injured near sarajevo on tuesday when his vehicle drove over a mine , an ifor spokesman said  .
share prices opened slightly higher here tuesday in quiet trading with many market players still on christmas vacation  .
the commander of nato forces in bosnia said tuesday he will consider delaying a deadline for serbs to handover control of parts of sarajevo , following a request from bosnian serb leaders  .
pathologists began autopsies on tuesday on  charred bodies of the doomsday sect solar temple which were discovered in a forest near here last saturday  .
the dollar fell slightly against other major currencies here tuesday except against the yen in quiet trading with many market players still on christmas vacation  .
ten people were killed in fierce faction fighting overnight at goba near the kwazulu-natal province midlands town of  , police said tuesday  .
yemeni and eritrean forces exchanged fire early tuesday near one of three disputed red sea islands , diplomats here said  .
rejuvenated paul merson grabbed two second-half goals to ensure arsenal 's first victory over london rivals qpr since april  and help the gunners ' to their first win in five premiership matches on tuesday  .
frenchman david ginola will come face to face with eric cantona for the first time in england confident that newcastle will show they are the best team in the country in wednesday 's match at manchester united  .
if next year 's european championships are a success england could bid to host the  world cup , according to a report here tuesday  .
the cognac producers ' trade association -lrb-  -rrb- said on tuesday that an agreement promoting cognac exports to china was concluded last tuesday by chinese and french authorities and the association itself  .
opposition candidates in kyrgyzstan 's presidential elections , in which president askar akayev won re-election , lodged a protest tuesday , saying that the poll had been unfair  .
tens of thousands of people were still without electricity in the north of scotland on tuesday after heavy snowfall continued to wreak havoc in the region , the scottish electricity company hydro electric said  .
a serbian phone operator disconnected president slobodan milosevic 's personal line while he was negotiating the bosnian peace deal in dayton , ohio , last month , because he had not paid his bills , the daily nasa borba reported tuesday  .
us president bill clinton called haiti 's outgoing president and president-elect tuesday to congratulate them on holding free and fair national elections , the white house said  .
electricite de france -lrb- edf , the french electricity company -rrb- and italy 's edison group have signed an agreement by which edf acquires  percent of the shares in italian electricity production firm ilva  energie -lrb- ise -rrb- , the french firm announced on tuesday  .
the popularity ratings of french president jacques chirac and prime minister alain juppe fell anew this december , a poll by the csa institute to be published thursday said  .
scoreboard at close of play on the first day of the fourth test between south africa and england here tuesday  .
authorities in the shetland islands declared a state of emergency on tuesday , as the worst snowfalls for decades left , people without electricity off the north coast of scotland  .
final official results from austria 's general election this month gave the social-democratic party -lrb- spoe -rrb- one less deputy than previous figures , the apa news agency said tuesday  .
an elderly woman and a five-year-old girl were killed in separate parts of spain on tuesday as heavy rains swept across the south of the country , local authorities said  .
german automaker volkswagen ag has decided to increase the prices of its cars , even before the start of next year , a group spokesman announced on tuesday  .
a -year-old factory worker was killed and another was seriously ill in hospital after an explosion ripped through a fireworks factory near ponte de lima in northern portugal on tuesday , local police said  .
the israeli government has agreed to a request by yasser arafat to enlarge the palestinian self-rule council to be elected next month from  seats to  seats , an israeli military spokesman said tuesday  .
kwazulu-natal province , reeling from a christmas day massacre that claimed  lives , was jolted by more political and factional violence tuesday that saw another  people murdered  .
rejuvenated paul merson fired in two goals to ensure arsenal 's first victory over london rivals qpr since april  and help the fifth - placed gunners ' to their first win in five premiership matches on tuesday  .
the us government 's drug-fighting agency is sending a key official to south africa to thwart a bid by nigerian drug lords to establish a pipeline there for asian heroin , an official said tuesday  .
the paris bourse , one of the few european stock markets to make an effort on tuesday , suffered a modest loss in very quiet trading the day after christmas , as operators said the traditional `` confectioners ' truce '' was respected  .
oman and the palestinian authority agreed on tuesday to open diplomatic offices in each other 's territories during a visit here by plo leader yasser arafat , officials said  .
assailants armed with assault rifles attempted to seize control of part of moscow 's international airport tuesday , itar-tass news agency reported  .
two people were killed and some  others injured in an air crash due to engine failure from a military plane 's mid-flight collision with a flock of pigeons , officials said tuesday  .
the us government 's drug-fighting agency is sending a key official to south africa to thwart a bid by nigerian drug lords to establish a pipeline there for asian heroin , an official said tuesday  .
the french franc was firm and stable on tuesday on the paris foreign exchange market , traders said in late afternoon , but trading was very light , as usual the day after christmas  .
reigning champions rangers moved five points clear at the top of the premier division with a - win over kilmarnock on tuesday in just of two games in scotland not postponed due to the worst snow in the country for  years  .
the organisation of african unity -lrb- oau -rrb- on tuesday hit back after a top aide of somali warlord mohamed farah aidid accused it of interfering in somalia 's internal affairs  .
an ethiopian man who attempted to hijack a saudi airliner on tuesday that had taken off from asmara for addis ababa was overpowered by the plane 's crew , airline officials said  .
the known death toll from floods which swept through a shantytown here on christmas day had risen to  by late tuesday , a civil protection unit official said  .
talks on the privatization process in congo held in brazzaville on tuesday between unions and the privatization committee failed , a union source said in late afternoon  .
the commander of the implementation force in northeast bosnia will wednesday chair a first meeting the regional leaders of the former warring factions , a us spokesman said  .
french tax authorities recently asked french banks and foreign banks operating in france to make a record , for  months , of fund transfers abroad by individuals exceeding , francs -lrb- , dollars -rrb- , sources said on tuesday at the economics ministry  .
bosnian serb hardliner momcilo krajisnik was enigmatic tuesday about the future of his ally and indicted war criminal , radovan karadzic , the erstwhile unchallenged leader of bosnia 's serbs  .
prime minister shimon peres denied on tuesday any change in israel 's nuclear policy after indicating last week that the jewish state would give up its `` nuclear '' option in exchange for an overall middle east peace  .
former welsh rugby union star scott quinnell ran in four tries as world champions wigan beat st .
helens - in an embarrassingly one - sided contest on tuesday  .
french leisure group club mediterranee recorded consolidated sales of  .
billion dollars -rrb- in financial - , ending on october  , off by  .
billion francs for the previous financial year , the group announced on tuesday  .
syria said that peace talks with israel beginning wednesday in the united states will be based on creating a `` framework of understanding '' between the two countries  .
the russian foreign ministry on tuesday described an incident in which a russian cargo plane was forced to land in india as a simple misunderstanding , interfax news agency reported  .
assembly elections for the southern spanish region of andalusia are to take place on march  , the head of the regional government said tuesday , expressing the hope that national elections would be held the same day  .
two german boys , aged  and  , have gone missing while skiing near the alpine resort of crans-montana in western switzerland , police said here tuesday  .
at least  members of a rwandan refugee group have been arrested by zairean officials in the eastern region of goma , according to a statement released tuesday by rwanda exiles in nairobi  .
million dollars in the first  months of  , the ministry of industry , trade and tourism said tuesday  .
cuba 's minister for economic planning jose luis rodriguez predicted tuesday five-percent economic growth for  and warned that the government 's program for the upcoming year would be difficult  .
agricultural production in  fell  percent in  due to bad weather that affected the country 's rice , bean , corn and wheat harvests , according to government figures quoted in a newspaper tuesday  .
an -month old baby girl died in a five-hour exchange of fire between leftist rebels and police near the police station in the southwestern town of une , army officials said  .
three inca mummies that were found frozen in time in the andean mountains two months ago will be shown for the first time on may  , officials from the santa maria catholic university said tuesday  .
three people were killed in separate parts of spain on tuesday as heavy rains and gale force winds swept across the country , local authorities said  .
feathers flew on tuesday at the nairobi racecourse , as kenya put on its first-ever race involving large flightless birds  .
a -year-old man was arrested tuesday after driving more than  kilometres -lrb-  miles -rrb- up the wrong side of a british superhighway with one flat tyre , police said  .
the sudanese foreign ministry on tuesday expressed strong support for yemen 's claim to disputed islands in the red sea , and called on eritrean troops to withdraw from them  .
the dollar fell against other major currencies here tuesday except against the yen in quiet trading with many market players still on christmas vacation  .
norwegian rescue services continued searching for nine missing seaman from a sunken russian trawler late on tuesday , but hope was fading of finding any of them alive in the freezing water off the north of the country  .
the national gallery of art , one of several government-run museums that have been closed here due to the budget battle , announced tuesday it had collected sufficient private funds to reopen an exhibition of works by dutch painter johannes vermeer  .
two people died when a hand grenade was detonated in an office of a belgrade store on tuesday , the local borba newspaper said in its latest edition  .
albanian president sali berisha said tuesday that he opposed early independence for the rump yugoslavia 's  autonomous province of kosovo , which is populated predominantly by ethnic albanians  .
a balanced diet will do more for your heart than walking , jogging or swimming , us doctors said in a new report on arterial and heart problems published tuesday  .
environmental groups were unhappy tuesday at california 's decision to give carmakers more time to introduce pollution-free cars  .
- yen here in early morning trading wednesday , compared with  .
share prices opened higher on the tokyo stock exchange on wednesday , with the nikkei stock average rising  .
israel wants to maintain access to water running from the plateau into the jordan river and the sea of galilee  .
uruguay 's deputy health minister laura albertini said she was resigning tuesday after being accused by a legislator of using her influence to favor a private firm during state-run auctions  .
israel and syria on wednesday resume peace negotiations for the first time in six months  .
the nikkei stock average of the tokyo stock exchange temporarily topped ,-points on wednesday for the first time in  months  .
gold opened lower in post-holiday trading here monday at  .
us dollars an ounce , against friday 's closing rate of  .
australia were  for four at lunch on the second day of the second cricket test against sri lanka at the melbourne cricket ground here wednesday  .
scorecard at lunch on the second day of the second cricket test match between australia and sri lanka at the melbourne cricket ground here wednesday  .
the owner of a  luxury department store which collapsed last june here killing more than  was sentenced on wednesday to  years and six months in prison , court officials said  .
chile initiated legal action against the british firm  , to recover millions of dollars in allegedly illegal copper transactions , officials said tuesday  .
australian veteran david boon , playing his th test , scored his st test century , as australia turned the screws on sri lanka early on the second day of the second cricket test here wednesday  .
the cuban parliament adopted a state budget tuesday that includes a  million peso -lrb- dollar -rrb- deficit for  with income of  .
share prices were higher on the tokyo stock exchange on wednesday morning , with the key market index briefly rising above the ,-point mark for the first time in  months  .
the traditional spate of weddings on china 's national day last year left nearly  beijing government officials and drivers in mourning after they were punished for using public cars at the ceremonies  .
will localize all mobile phone production for overseas sales in the year to march  , a company official said wednesday  .
taiwan 's leading economic indicators slumped in november to their lowest levels since july  , the council for economic planning and development said wednesday  .
-lrb- sec -rrb- has finalized a  plan to boost sales by  .
percent year-on-year to  billion dollars , a company spokesman said on wednesday  .
's us unit , sanwa bank california , is to sell bad debts of  million dollars by the end of the week to an unidentified party , an official of the japanese commercial bank said wednesday  .
china 's state environmental watchdog is drafting the country 's first law on radioactive pollution control , which will see manufacturers footing their toxic garbage bills , a report said wednesday  .
more than  people died during a christmas cold snap in mexico , health authorities said , with  bodies recovered in the nothern state of chihuahua  .
taiwan 's leading economic indicators slumped in november to their lowest levels since july  , the council for economic planning and development said wednesday  .
scorecard at tea on the second day of the second cricket test match between australia and sri lanka at the melbourne cricket ground here wednesday  .
australia were  for five at tea on the second day of the second cricket test against sri lanka at the melbourne cricket ground here wednesday  .
jailed former south korean  chun doo-hwan has developed speech problems and shows signs of increasing anxiety from a  protest fast , his doctor said wednesday  .
steve waugh , wincing from a groin injury , completed his th test century as australia continued to pile on the runs against the sri lankan bowling attack on the second day of the second cricket test here wednesday  .
chinese customs have issued a report warning of the social threat posed by `` dirty media '' flowing into the country and pledging to intensify their struggle against imported pornography  .
the chief of indonesia 's armed forces has called on the public to report any information about  parliamentarians alleged to have communist links , the state antara news agency reported wednesday  .
the dollar was stable against the yen and mark here wednesday amid light dollar buying by japanese trust banks , dealers said  .
australia declared their first innings at - an hour before the close of the second day of the second test against sri lanka at the melbourne cricket ground on wednesday  .
the wife of shoko asahara , the aum supreme truth guru charged with masterminding the tokyo subway gas attack , said wednesday she had not conspired in the  murder of a sect member , although she was present during the lynching  .
scorecard at the end of the australia innings on the second day of the second test between australia and sri lanka at the melbourne cricket ground on wednesday  .
japanese share prices advanced to their highest levels in  months wednesday , with the key market gauge ending  .
percent higher on active buying from domestic investors , brokers said  .
the rand was trading stronger against the dollar when markets resumed after the four-day holiday weekend here wednesday , opening at  .
to the greenback after closing on friday at  .
some  middle school students in suburban beijing died after being overcome by toxic fumes as they slept in their dormitory , reports said wednesday  .
five parties in the serbian parliament opposed to president slobodan milosevic on tuesday decided to form a `` parallel parliament '' after the ruling party refused to allow live transmission of parliamentary debate  .
china 's sichuan airlines has taken delivery of three airbus industrie as , becoming the first domestic carrier to operate the new aircraft , the china daily said wednesday  .
south korea will start allowing foreign companies to list their shares on the korean stock exchange from may  , the ministry of finance and economy said on wednesday  .
a second seaman died and nine were still missing wednesday after a russian trawler sank in icy waters off northern norway , interfax news agency reported , quoting a spokesman for the ministry for emergencies  .
at least  more people have died in a cold wave that has gripped parts of bangladesh for more than two weeks , pushing the toll to  , newspapers here reported wednesday  .
asia 's first guinness world of records museum will open thursday in the taiwanese central city of taichung , showcasing articles listed by the guiness book of world record , operators said  .
steve waugh and david boon punished some nervous sri lankan bowling and almost comic fielding as australia piled up a majestic  for six declared in the second test here wednesday  .
israel and syria head into peace talks wednesday sharing a cautious optimism that they will be able to bring an end to their -year-old state of war  .
government leaders were wednesday to visit the killing fields of kwazulu-natal province , where at least  people have died in four massacres in the past two weeks , an official said  .
south korea is mulling the advantage of buying a russian over a us airborne early warning system in the next five years , a defense department spokesman said wednesday  .
already sour relations between islamabad and kabul have been brought under further strain after pakistani police named an afghan as prime suspect over a killer car bomb attack last week  .
four people were injured wednesday when an explosion rocked a workshop in a chemicals factory belonging to pharmaceutical company rhone - poulenc , fire services and police said  .
prime minister vo van kiet has called for strict enforcement of a ban on firecrackers as part of a hefty law-and-order crackdown ahead of lunar new year celebrations , press reports said wednesday  .
police divers countrywide have been called in to assist in recovering bodies from a flooded river here after it raged through a shantytown on christmas day , police said wednesday  .
a policeman and one civilian were killed and around  people arrested wednesday after a shootout erupted between police and a suspected gang of a drug pushers in a moslem area of central manila , police said  .
twelve bodies have been discovered by a british implementation force patrol in northwest bosnia , ifor officials said wednesday  .
yitzhak shamir , the former spy and two-time prime minister , has announced he will not run for re-election to parliament in next year 's general elections , ending a political career which spanned the tumultuous history of the jewish state  .
russian president boris yeltsin will sign a confidence-building pact with the presidents of china , kazakhstan , kyrgyzstan and tajikistan in shanghai next march , a senior foreign ministry official said here wednesday  .
the almost certain election wednesday of ichiro ozawa as president of japan 's main opposition party will pit him against the formidable figure of ryutaro hashimoto in what analysts say will be a two-horse race for the country 's premiership  .
iran and armenia opened a bridge between the two countries built over the  river border , the official iranian news agency irna reported wednesday  .
south korea will continue to withhold rice aid from hunger-stricken north korea until it shows  change in its attitude despite the release of five southern fishermen tuesday , a senior official said  .
pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto has turned down opposition leader nawaz sharif 's demand for mid-term polls as a pre-condition for talks on ending their political standoff  .
organisation of african unity -lrb- oau -rrb- secretary general salim ahmed salim has said he is committed to human rights and democratisation process in nigeria , contrary to what has been portrayed of him , the privately-owned daily guardian reported here wednesday  .
the chinese government issued a staunch defense of its human rights record wednesday , while accusing western nations of double standards and willful interference in china 's internal affairs  .
an extreme leftist group claimed responsibility wednesday for a recent bomb attack on the peruvian consulate in duesseldorf , citing human rights abuses in the south american country as the reason for the attack  .
thai politicians and analysts wednesday called on the finance minister to clarify allegations against the ousted head of thailand 's securities and exchange commission -lrb- sec -rrb-  .
the ruble edged up against the dollar on the moscow interbank market wednesday , trading at , rubles to the greenback , up three points compared with the previous day  .
jailed former south korean president chun doo-hwan wednesday hinted that he might stop a -day-long hunger strike and started drinking salty fermented cabbage -lrb- kimchi -rrb- water , government officials said  .
the future of andrei kozyrev as russian foreign minister remained uncertain wednesday after he held talks with president boris yeltsin  .
german journalist henrik bork arrived here wednesday on his way home after being  expelled for allegedly inciting anti-china feeling in germany and maligned chinese leaders  .
turkey 's two main secular parties are looking to an israeli model of joint rule to prevent islamic forces who scored big in weekend elections from gaining power , a newspaper said wednesday  .
denied a press report wednesday that it and ford motor co .
of the united states would jointly develop a frame to be used on their main , cc models from   .
defense minister chiang  on wednesday denied news reports that taiwan 's military was reviving a  project to develop medium-range missiles capable of targetting china  .
japanese share prices advanced to their highest levels in  months wednesday on active buying from domestic investors , while other asian bourses were mixed in dull trading , brokers said  .
japanese share prices advanced to their highest levels in  months wednesday on active buying from domestic investors , while other asian bourses were mixed in dull trading , brokers said  .
scoreboard at lunch on the second day of the fourth test between south africa and england here tuesday  .
french and swiss police investigating the deaths of  members of the solar temple doomsday sect were to meet wednesday in paris , as a team of pathologists was set to complete autopsies on the charred bodies  .
south africa had pushed their way to  for  at lunch on the second day of the fourth test against england here wednesday  .
israel will free a thousand palestinian prisoners before self-rule elections on january  , as part of the peace accords signed with the plo , the justice ministry said wednesday  .
senior officials from iran , syria and turkey are holding talks in tehran on security issues and the situation in neighboring iraq , officials said wednesday  .
sterling gained ground and the french franc held firm wednesday on the european currency markets , described as `` extremely calm '' by analysts  .
a british woman has been arrested here after police allegedly found  .
pounds -rrb- of pure cocaine in her possession , police spokeswoman inspector  simon said wednesday  .
several kenyan priests used their christmas sermons to lash out at the government for problems ranging from corruption and road accidents to constitutional change , the nation newspaper said wednesday  .
more than half of the nato-led peacekeeping force for bosnia is now in the former yugoslavia , just a week after the alliance began the biggest operation in its history , nato announced here wednesday  .
former president kamuzu banda on wednesday lost the first round in a court battle for control of the press trust conglomerate , which accounts for up to  percent of malawi 's economy  .
one of russia 's largest commercial banks has set a precedent by launching a -million-dollar bond issue , becoming the first russian institution to borrow on western capital markets , intermediaries said wednesday  .
norway 's crown prince haakon ,  , has broken with tradition by deciding to pursue his university studies in the united states next year rather than england , the royal palace said wednesday  .
seventeen people have died in a cholera outbreak in northern burkina faso which has so far infected  people , according to the latest toll from medical authorities wednesday  .
russian president boris yeltsin on wednesday instructed foreign minister andrei kozyrev to visit kandahar in southern afghanistan after talks with islamic rebels holding seven russian hostages , itar - tass news agency reported  .
percent in november over october , the chamber of mines , representing major mining houses , said wednesday  .
senior officials from iran , syria and turkey are holding talks in tehran on security issues and the situation in neighboring iraq , officials said wednesday  .
the central bank of the philippines plans to raise to  percent the equity that an individual may own in any bank , official sources said wednesday  .
russian president boris yeltsin on wednesday instructed foreign minister andrei kozyrev to visit kandahar in southern afghanistan following talks with islamic rebels holding seven russian hostages , itar-tass news agency reported  .
an american general on wednesday held the first meeting to be organised under us command bringing together the military leaders of the former warring factions in northeast bosnia  .
industrial action in south africa declined markedly in  , resulting in the least loss of  since  , labor consultants andrew levy and associates said wednesday  .
eritrea on wednesday denied reports that its forces had been involved in a skirmish with yemeni forces in the disputed hanish archipelago in the red sea  .
the dutch government on wednesday denied press reports it was planning to sell two decommissioned submarines to taiwan in contravention of a promise to china to renounce military sales to beijing 's arch enemy  .
syria urged israel on wednesday to seize the `` golden opportunity '' offered by peace talks in the united states and abandon its plans of `` hegemony '' over the middle east  .
iran 's oil consumption has risen sharply to an average of  .
million barrels a day , costing the country between nine and  billion dollars a year , central bank governor mohsen  said wednesday  .
the giant south african mining company de beers said on wednesday that it was `` confident '' about delicate negotiations with russian authorities on a new contract to sell russian diamonds , although the talks were adjourned last week  .
poland 's new president aleksander kwasniewski arrived at the capital 's presidential building wednesday morning to take up the reins of power following his weekend investiture , aides said  .
former german foreign minister hans dietrich genscher left hospital wednesday after treatment over christmas for acute bronchitis , his spokesman announced  .
raul salinas , brother of the former mexican president , will stay in prison because evidence exists that he masterminded the assassination of a top party official , a judge has ruled  .
the following shows preliminary figures for south africa 's exports of gold , coal , platinum group metals , silver , diamonds , chromite , copper , lead , manganese ore , zinc , uranium ore and cobalt for august  , received here wednesday from the minerals bureau of the department of mineral and energy affairs  .
israeli troops withdrew wednesday from ramallah , the seventh and last west bank town to be handed over to palestinian control ahead of self - rule elections next month  .
philippines security forces have detained the deputy leader of a communist death squad and seven other members in a crackdown following a series of attacks , officials and news reports said wednesday  .
scoreboard at tea on the second day of the fourth test between south africa and england here tuesday  .
south africa had taken firm control of the second day of the fourth test against england at tea here wednesday  .
the german mark eased against other major european currencies on wednesday on the london forex market in very low volume - a situation that can exaggerate currency swings because of the effects of one or two big buy or sell orders , traders said in early afternoon  .
a late goal by hidetoshi nakata gave japan 's bellmare hiratsuka a - win over talaba of iraq in the final of the asian cup winners cup here wednesday  .
as pope john paul ii retired wednesday to his residence outside rome to recover from flu , vatican officials said he received more than , people during his weekly audiences this year  .
lebanon will resume its peace negotiations with israel as soon as the jewish state agrees with syria to withdraw all its troops from the golan heights , foreign minister fares bweiz said wednesday  .
the nigerian anti-drug agency seized a total of , .
